{"datasets":[ { "body": "The opening arguments for the landmark case Eldred vs Ashcroft, set to commence early next month before the U.S. Supreme Court, will determine the future of copyright law and its impact on artists and writers' ability to build upon existing works. To raise public awareness about this significant case, an Internet Bookmobile is scheduled to depart from San Francisco next Monday. This mobile book van will journey to the steps of the Supreme Court building in Washington D.C., before the court hearings conclude. Along the way, it will stop at schools, libraries, and senior centers, offering free high-speed access to thousands of literary and artistic works that are already in the public domain. I recently visited the Internet Archive where I saw this bookmobile being built; it's an innovative idea – essentially, a small vehicle with a satellite dish on top, equipped with a computer printer and binding machine. This allows users to search for a book, print out a copy instantly, and bind it on the spot - all at a fixed cost. The Internet Archive had this equipment donated, and one of their goals is to demonstrate to libraries across the country that they could add these virtual holdings (public domain materials) to their existing library collections at an affordable fixed cost. This should be particularly appealing to small libraries in remote areas." }, { "body": "Multiple artists creating characters on a rock face" }, { "body": "It appears that you have come across a webpage with an unusual theory, which seems to combine elements of various pseudoscientific beliefs such as Scientology (Xenu) and David Icke's theories, along with a unique spin on dinosaurs and the origins of good and evil. Initially, it seemed like a backstory for a role-playing game, but it appears that someone genuinely believes in this theory. The dinosaurs are described as reptoid ETs, reported to be four-foot tall crocodiles walking on their hind legs. This theory suggests that these reptoid ETs, dragons, and erideans all originated from Earth and have a strong link to it. Conversely, the Greys do not seem to originate from Earth due to their lack of a renal or urinary system. The definitive work on dragons is 'The Flight of Dragons' by Peter Dickinson. The author suggests that there was a race of dinosaurs that developed psychic intelligence to protect their eggs and young, and they survived the extinction millions of years ago with difficulty, evolving into the erideans and moving to a more hospitable planet. It is proposed that these reptoids are the spirits or ghosts of the dinosaurs, living on as vampire entities. The author encourages them to reincarnate in order to eliminate immortal minds and their mind control." }, { "body": "Dear Russell and Gregory, I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to clarify some points regarding the First Amendment that have been on my mind since our last civics class. To set the record straight, the First Amendment does indeed protect speech, but it doesn't cover hate speech or actions. Hate speech may be wrong, but it is protected under the First Amendment, as the Supreme Court has decided. Unlike many other nations, the U.S. does not have laws against hate speech per se. The reason for this is that the First Amendment protects all speech, and it just so happens that much of what people consider hate speech falls under this protection. I find the laws specializing out hate and protected speech to be ridiculous. I believe there are only two types of speech and actions: both are speech and should be covered by the First Amendment. However, if hate speech is so protected, why are certain states trying to prosecute people for it? There are only two answers to this question, and one of them is clearly wrong. Hate speech is not just speech; it's action, a type of action whose consequences are foreseeable by any reasonable person. When we label hate speech as such, we are actually categorizing it as threat. It seems that the mislabeling has been allowed to continue because there is an advantage in being able to counter a threat with the loss of liberty and money through civil and criminal lawsuits for people they don't like. I invite you to join the world's largest email service with MSN Hotmail. Best regards," }, { "body": "I hope the PM Eugen Leitl updates the material soon. I'll make sure to inform everyone about the next update :bk delongopencourseware cell." }, { "body": "Finally, I have secured a grant from Project Athena's Mits Original Courseware Effort. However, I found that they had focused more on developing X and various Unix tools, rather than the distribution of the courseware. Hopefully, they will add more educational content soon. I will keep everyone updated about the next update." }, { "body": "I found some classic books from the same period, specifically 'English Sagas of Icelanders' in trade paperback, which is currently remaindered at my local Barnes & Noble. This historical reference material by Useful Erikur seems useful." }, { "body": "It appears that several music companies have agreed to pay a substantial settlement of $400 million in a price-fixing case, as reported by The Wall Street Journal (Copyright © Dow Jones Company Inc) on Tuesday, October 5th. Although the companies did not admit any wrongdoing, they will pay $300 million in cash to compensate consumers who overpaid for CDs between 2003 and 2010. Additionally, the companies have agreed to distribute an estimated $100 million worth of CDs to public entities and non-profit organizations across the country. Interestingly, it's speculated that these CDs will cost less than $100 million to produce and distribute. The lack of admission of wrongdoing seems questionable." }, { "body": "Hi Elias, It turns out that some major music companies have agreed to pay a substantial settlement in a price-fixing case. I thought it was relatively minor compared to the overpricing that happens on standard CDs. The Wall Street Journal (Copyright © 2021 Dow Jones & Company Inc.) reported this on Tuesday, October 5th. These companies did not admit any wrongdoing but will pay $XX million in cash as compensation for consumers who overpaid for CDs between YYYY and ZZZZ. Additionally, they agreed to distribute $CCC million worth of CDs to public entities and non-profit organizations across the country. The cost of producing and distributating these CDs is likely to be less than $DDD million. However, it's important to note that none of this money will go back to the people who were forced to pay the inflated prices. Best regards." }, { "body": "On Monday afternoon, I've come to a realization after revisiting my past work and career trajectory. It appears that I have been in the wrong industry all along. What I should have been doing is . I've recently read a manual about this new area, and of course, open-source versions are also readily available on the internet. The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation, located at Farquhar Street, Boston, MA, USA, seems to be an established entity in this field. Despite not being able to predict the end of the world, it deserves respect for its usefulness and historical significance, as mentioned by Edward Gibbon in 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'." }, { "body": "It appears that you are considering dual antenna mounts for your setup, which I believe is a diversity antenna system. However, it might not perform optimally when one antenna is connected to a Pringles can and the other to a regular rubber duck antenna. For better range boosting, use directional aerials instead, as direct line of sight provides the best results; no trees, no obstructions, and nothing between can give you approximately 1 km with well-aligned directional aerials. Additionally, note that in case of bad weather such as sleet, locusts, or even a rain of blood (figuratively speaking), this might affect the signal. If you wish to fan out your coverage later on, consider using a directional coupling to an omni antenna within the building. In terms of your latest project, I understand that you have acquired a Linksys access point router and are working on a Symbol PocketPC device in a pre-war New York apartment. The device works fine within the apartment, but loses contact with the base station before it reaches less than 10 feet inside the apartment. You conducted additional testing through brick walls, finding that the range is approximately 30 feet and the signal passes through the roof relatively unimpeded. Despite this, the Symbol device does not have a built-in antenna, and you haven't attempted to adjust it for better range. The Linksys unit features two antenna mounts; leaving one as an omni antenna while connecting a directional antenna to the other may improve your coverage. You might need multiple access points or repeaters to achieve the desired coverage." }, { "body": "The Enigma code, which was deciphered at Bletchley Park, was primarily mechanical and not optical in nature. It was initially broken due to improper use rather than optimal employ, as it would have been significantly more challenging if utilized strategically. For a comprehensive understanding of the Enigma machine and its story, I recommend reading 'Enigma' by Ubic Singh or 'Cryptonomicon' by Neal Stephenson, a fictionalized account of the Enigma cracking process that maintains considerable accuracy. The development of the Enigma code was inadvertently responsible for the birth of computing, as it involved working with interference patterns. The Enigma was ultimately cracked by constructing mechanical systems similar to the Enigma machines and using brute force." }, { "body": "Ian Andrew Bell, Tuesday October Eugen Leitl, Damien Morton, Wifi Query It appears that you are referring to a diversity antenna. However, I would like to clarify that using one omni-directional antenna and one directional antenna may not work optimally as per the manual's instructions for a diversity setup (one antenna for receiving signals and another for transmitting). On Tuesday October, Eugen Leitl emphasized that reinforced concrete shields like those in dense wooded areas significantly hinder line-of-sight signal transmission. Therefore, direct line-of-sight is best with no obstructions such as trees or buildings. If you aim to boost the range, it would be more effective to use directional antennas rather than omnis due to their focused transmission. However, if you desire a wider coverage within a building, especially in areas of heavy precipitation, a bridge connecting a directional antenna to an omni-directional one could be used, but this may require additional access points or repeaters for optimal coverage. Ian Andrew Bell, Tuesday October Damien Morton added that he has recently purchased a Linksys access point router and is doing some development work on a Symbol PocketPC device in a prewar New York apartment. The device works fine within the apartment but loses contact with the base station approximately 10 feet inside the apartment. He performed further testing through brick walls and found that the range is about 30 feet. The signal also passes through the roof relatively unimpeded. The Symbol device does not have an antenna, and no adjustments have been made to extend the range. The Linksys unit has two antenna mounts, one could be left as an omni-directional antenna while hooking up a directional antenna to the other. This setup might necessitate using multiple access points or repeaters to achieve the desired coverage." }, { "body": "Hi there, I found your email quite amusing! A group of non-conformists, humorously challenging Israeli terrorism, decided to make an appearance at the local Starbucks in Berkeley. It's interesting that they chose a city like Berkeley for their demonstration, but nonetheless, it adds a comedic twist. They allegedly used water guns (supersoakers) to drive away straight and original inhabitants - a rather unique and creative approach if you ask me. While I don't condone violence, the damage potential of a supersoaker is limited. It certainly seems newsworthy! It's refreshing to see individuals employing innovative methods to express their views, even if we might not always share the same perspective. Best regards!" }, { "body": "Subject: Potential Collaboration Regarding Interactive Agent Technology It's intriguing to discuss an application of agent technology, a blend of Telnet and Eliza. We are curious if your organization might find value in ActiveBuddy Inc's services as a partner. ActiveBuddy has developed patented technology for constructing and deploying interactive agents. Our 'buddyscript' technology empowers business solutions by leveraging the functionality, convenience, and allure of instant messaging to offer an efficient and immediate means of communication with customers and constituents. The effectiveness of ActiveBuddy technology is evident in the marketplace, as demonstrated by the resounding success of our product SmarterChild. In its first year, our interactive agent launch, SmarterChild, was visited by over a million consumers. A notable example of its utility is SmarterChild's showcase interactive agent, which allows customers and constituents to receive information and services through a natural conversational interface. By using our software products like buddyscript server, you can offer your clients an end-to-end solution for deploying interactive agents. The buddyscript server includes all the necessary components to operate an interactive agent, such as connectivity with messaging networks, message routing, data access, message formatting, user and session management, and detailed tracking. It is available in four configurations to accommodate various capacity needs, and its scalable architecture supports virtually unlimited usage. For instance, here's a sample conversation on MSN Messenger with our SmarterChild: smarterchild: Thank you, Mike! What is the weather like in Seattle? Smarterchild: Weather conditions for Seattle: Few clouds and real mph. Next time, just type 'weather Seattle' to get the forecast for Seattle, WA or simply type 'forecast'." }, { "body": "Hi there! Here's a simulated chat log from MSN Messenger between me (MF) and Mike. How are you, MF? MIKE: Smarter child great, thx you! ME: Oh, freaking great! In their effort to make it more human, they should incorporate all the broken English and AOL-style phrasings, yay! Next thing you know, the AI will be asking for a 'slap in the face' (vil)." }, { "body": "Hello Joseph S Barrera III, I understand that you are behind a firewall with a NAT address and you want to telnet to a Linux box out there in the world and create xterms on your own screen. I'm not an expert, but one possible solution could be to configure your firewall to accept connections from the Linux box, then set the Linux box to transmit on a specific port. After that, you would need to configure your router to forward all information from that port to your computer. However, this setup largely defeats the purpose of a firewall. Regarding your question about downloading MSN Explorer, I couldn't find a reliable source for a free and updated version." }, { "body": "Subject: Unusual Political Spam Warning - University of Groningen It appears that a new form of political spam has surfaced, allegedly targeting the University of Groningen. Unlike typical spam, this message seems to serve as more of a prank than a sales pitch or invitation to any fee-based service. The content revolves around the meme 'rug is evil'. If you are considering studying in the Netherlands, particularly for a PhD, be cautious, especially with the University of Groningen. In the past, this university had a good reputation, but its standing seems to have diminished. Picasso once said that computers can only give answers, and it seems like someone at Teledynamics Communications is reminding us of that. If you or anyone else has encountered similar messages, do let me know." }, { "body": "It seems that your email is arguing against the use of AI chatbots or infobots in a helpdesk context. The points made suggest that people do not prefer to communicate with these bots, especially when they make mistakes, as they can appear dumb and deceptive when their 'intelligence' is revealed to be simulated. The email also mentions the example of Alice, which is suggested to be a highly advanced chatbot but prone to dramatic failures, like a 'chicken brain'. The author also believes that while AI should work in theory, people will not use it due to its clunky interface and quick adaptation to its limitations. Lastly, the author uses an example of how computers are useless according to Shallow Red and Eliza, two chatbots." }, { "body": "Wow, if they added a VRML front-end to it, it would be pointless. I've already dealt with IRC bots and scripts, been there, done that, and much better. If these people actually saw the xddc instant file sharing scripts, they might understand then again, they might already know that sometimes you can package the obvious and sell it to the clueless." }, { "body": "Subject: Caution for Prospective Students Considering University of Groningen, Netherlands Dear Gary Lawrence Murphy, It has come to our attention that some individuals are considering the University of Groningen in the Netherlands for various educational pursuits, including PhD programs. However, it is essential to exercise caution as this university's reputation has reportedly diminished. Investing time and money into education is crucial; therefore, it is advisable to invest wisely and thoughtfully in the right place and time. We urge you to be cautious about choosing the University of Groningen due to its current status. It is unfortunate that the reputation of this once-respected institution has suffered. One can only imagine what could be worse for the academic community in Northern Europe." }, { "body": "Hi Mike, I hope this message finds you well. How about Seattle's weather today? SmarterChild Here, providing the current weather conditions for you. Gary Lawrence Murphy commented that teledynamics computers are merely capable of giving answers, but with us, you get a bit more! Pablo Picasso said it best: 'Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.' " }, { "body": "Dear , I recently came across an email that discusses the history and potential of optical computing. The author seems to express skepticism about the 'secret history' aspect of this topic, suggesting that it might be nothing more than a lack of newsworthiness rather than a hidden truth. However, the email acknowledges that optical computing has been in use for decades, with early successes like the first computer to crack Enigma and the first synthetic aperture radar processor being optical. It also mentions the use of optical sensors at Bletchley Park and the application of optoelectronic computing in the form of superposed masks for pattern finding. The author argues that optical computing is more complex than just holography, involving not only frequency, amplitude, and phase but numerous frequencies each with its own amplitude and phase. Lenses, refractions, and interference are cited as computational operators in this field. It is also noted that certain things which are hard to achieve with wires become easier with lightwaves, while many tasks that are easy with wires prove difficult using lightwaves. The author then refers to a commercialized effort of a space-integrating vector-matrix multiplier with teraflop equivalent for one multiply per nanosecond, and mentions smaller versions of this technology in the unclassified acoustooptic spectrometer. The email also touches upon the promise of moving from optoelectronic to all-optical processors and networks, including optical encryption. The author concludes by expressing doubts about the feasibility of all-optical computing due to the non-interactive nature of photons, suggesting that it may be premature to abandon optoelectronics entirely. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Gary Lawrence Murphy, after reflecting on our experiences, I believe it's safe to say that a helpdesk in its current form doesn't seem to be effective. I'm not entirely sure if they are strictly engaged in helpdesk tasks, but the general sentiment is that it lacks appealing features. However, simplicity might be its strength. Agents and interfaces that can find a niche application space could potentially thrive in this approach. In regards to Prolog-based NL database query systems and other chatterbot helpdesk projects like Shallow Red or simpler attempts such as Ask Jeeves, users quickly realize they're interacting with a robot. Queries tend to be short, truncated, and terse, resembling database-like verb-noun or just noun-keyword requests, much like a web query. With Google, someone else can convert these queries into links, so you don't even need to type anything. People are just too quick to adapt and too impatient to tolerate a clunky interface. For now, especially when the average computer user still can't type more than a few words in natural language, a painfully slow and clunky interface is a significant drawback. Considering your question about interacting with a bot without directly addressing it, imagine a situation where two people are discussing trips, for instance. A weather bot could advisorily interject or correct their conversation by mentioning the forecast without being explicitly asked." }, { "body": "For your question, here's my breakdown of the email: The device in question operates on channels shared with microwaves and cordless phones, reaching up to 5 GHz. It offers significantly more bandwidth (around five times) compared to those but has a shorter range (up to 30 feet). To enhance data transmission reliability, it incorporates forward error correction. For streaming video, it's highly recommended due to its capabilities. Streaming audio can be comfortably done with minimal interference or too many clients. Regarding the choice between wifi ranges, it seems you are considering whether to opt for standard wifi or upgrade to a premium one based on the price point difference. In case of streaming video, the premium option may be worth the investment. However, if you're only concerned with audio and there isn't much interference, the standard wifi should suffice. Lastly, it was mentioned that for covering a large area, prices will be higher due to the need for more access points (APs). If you want to reach your local coffee shop, you'll likely need a directional antenna regardless. They also suggested checking out certain articles and resources for additional information, particularly on security aspects, which they found to provide some of the best info they've seen." }, { "body": "Dear R A Hettinga, The Enigma machine was initially cracked using optical computing through interference patterns and such, but it was actually the mechanical systems that were essentially Enigma machines, and brute-forcing by looking for Zygalski sheets that led to its decryption. However, Köpners narrative suggests a hybrid approach at Bletchley. They used mock Enigmas that cycled through starting positions every quarter of an hour but the Germans started using a plugboard which introduced new possibilities. The Poles noticed certain patterns in the messages, possible only via specific plugboard settings. By collecting cards corresponding to different initial signals and aligning those with the same daily settings, they were able to narrow down possibilities using optical computing devices. Unfortunately, on May, the Germans invaded France, and on the same day, they changed their Enigma procedures, making the Zygalski sheets useless. The first synthetic aperture radar processor was also optical, as Dr Elachi described, with the received signal recorded on an optical film which is processed in an optical correlator to generate the final image. Alternatively, the signal can be digitized and transmitted via a digital data link. The use of the Enigma decoding covers four chapters, filled with excitement, secrecy, and unusual methods reminiscent of old procedures like the setting up of agents, suborning informants, sending messages written in invisible ink, masquerading, dressing-up, secret transmitters, examining wastepaper baskets - all cover for another source. Regards, Dave." }, { "body": "Does the system occasionally provide guidance or interject without being directly asked, such as overhearing a conversation about a person going to Seattle tomorrow and offering information about Seattle's weather? If so, has it ever been programmed to do this, and does it have any prior experience working with Kragen?" }, { "body": "Is there a scenario where you don't explicitly address the AI but it listens in and offers advice or interjects, for instance? To clarify, is that something you do? It seems similar to overhearing two people discussing their plans to go to Seattle tomorrow and feeling compelled to share your knowledge about the city's weather. Please, could we refrain from doing that - it's important to conserve energy." }, { "body": "Dear R.A Hettig, The first computer to decode Enigma was optical at Bletchley Park, utilizing optical sensors for reading paper tape at high speed (as detailed in standard accounts such as but not limited to Colossus, though it should be noted that Colossus was not for Enigma, and the bombes used were electromechanical). I'm uncertain if any optical techniques were applied to Enigma outside of Bletchley Park, as they might have been done in the US and are still classified. Regarding your statement, its credibility may depend on whether you consider bombes as computers or not, as it was indeed the bombes that performed the first bulk breaks of Enigma. Regards, Greg Williams, Zenon Campaign" }, { "body": "Elias Sinderson has reached out regarding a matter concerning three communication channels, which fall within the same spectrum as microwaves, cordless phones, and video-based baby monitors. Greg Gregory Alan Bolcer, our CTO (gbolcer@endeavors.com) at Endeavors Technology Inc., is asked to address this issue." }, { "body": "Hello, I've got some updates regarding our recent discussions about household appliances and the new house. Our microwave, as you may recall, died a week or so ago, and after doing some research, we have decided not to replace it in the near or distant future. Even if half of what is reported about the potential hazards is true, it's not worth it for a quick cup of warm chai. Regarding the oven, finding a good convection-only model without a microwave has been quite challenging, especially in a decent size. However, we found DeLonghi, which is available through Costco's online store. But here comes the question: should we get it delivered to the old house or the new one? We have had our offer approved and are in the process of closing on Oct, though our real estate agent mentioned that this can happen quite quickly, which was quite surprising given we found a house with the space we wanted on Sunday and will be signing papers on Tuesday night with a close at the end of the month. As for the internet setup, I'm having some concerns with AT&T Bi-Cable as my main home connection potentially causing bandwidth issues. I'm currently brainstorming ways around this problem, so any ideas would be greatly appreciated. Also, if you have any suggestions for parties in Portland or the time we might meet up, please let me know. Best, " }, { "body": "At 2 PM on Robert A Hettigga, I apologize in advance and offer my regards. The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation, Farquhar Street, Boston, MA, USA, despite its usefulness and historical significance, has not found favor with me for predicting the end of the world. This reminds me of Edward Gibbon's 'The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire' which did not resonate well with my personal experience." }, { "body": "I recently came across an article on Ars Technica that discusses how Apple has been demonstrating its affection and respect towards users in various aspects. You can find a comprehensive overview of this topic over at the link provided. Interestingly, third-party developers capitalized on Apple's advanced user interface capabilities by reverse-engineering and utilizing private APIs, which resulted in significant benefits for their applications. However, all of that changed with the introduction of Jaguar. Unlike previous speculations that the private APIs had been modified, Apple actually added code to prevent non-Apple menu extras from loading. Consequently, when a menu extra is attempted to be loaded, it is compared against a predefined list of known menu extras from Apple and rejected if it's not found on that list. It seems Microsoft has a better understanding of the importance of encouraging development on its platform, whereas Apple appears to be struggling with this concept. In Apple's case, while they don't need to make every system service or UI element publicly accessible via APIs right away, their actions of actively hindering third-party developers without providing a supported alternative can be seen as short-sighted." }, { "body": "The article you received from nytimes.com is a rehash of several British newspapers' reports, stating that the World Health Organization found in a study that blondness would become extinct within years due to being caused by a recessive gene dying out. However, the World Health Organization has stated that they never conducted such a study and have no opinion on the future existence of blonds. It appears the reports originated from unidentified sources but are most likely distributed by one of several European news agencies used by the British press. For more information about advertising opportunities with The New York Times, please visit our online media kit at or write to copyright@thenewyorktimescompany." }, { "body": "Dear Eirikur Hallgrimsson, If my surroundings lack aesthetic appeal in some way, I find it difficult to live. The first question that comes to mind when something seems unattractive is 'Why do I think it's not beautiful?' Soon enough, I realize there is no valid reason. John Cage, Gary Lawrence, Murphy and Teledynamics Communications all assert the same about computers - they can only provide answers, nothing more. This is reminiscent of Picasso's perspective." }, { "body": "It appears we are almost certain to move into our new house by November, with only divine intervention or a complete economic collapse being potential obstacles. Preparation-wise, we went to Best Buy tonight and purchased a Linksys router, hub wireless AP firewall, wallet C, and a Linksys WiFi PCMCIA card for the laptop. The setup was relatively straightforward; it took me only a few minutes to install the card, set up the router, and connect the other devices in the house via the Ethernet hub. The web interface for configuration is very user-friendly. I plan to delve deeper into the firewall and NAT routing features. I've been reading up on WiFi security on Ars Technica but overall, it was a smooth move. The current house has some strange occurrences due to being situated in a gravel pit, which can interfere with transmissions, but since there are walls and feet between the AP and PCMCIA card, I'm still getting decent WiFi. The new house is job-related, so there's no metalwork in the walls, primarily wood and plaster. We don't have a microwave, and our cordless phones are on, which means I can use my Bearcat to listen in on some calls with kids in the house. Is it such a bad thing, Ben or Heather? If you happen to read this years from now, I hope you are doing well. For now, I've done enough testing for tonight. It's quite enjoyable being able to do all this in bed by vnc-ing via WiFi to my desktop. But now if my pillow is heading this way...duckkkkk" }, { "body": "On Wednesday afternoon, Tom, I wanted to discuss the issue with Jaguar. Apple made a change in which they added code to exclude all non-Apple menu extras. If you attempt to interfere with Jobs' blessed Aqua interface or remove the OS X dock, you will find that OS X is a step down from Classic with its Kaleidoscope skinning of the entire UI. As an artist, I deeply resent this change, and if my environment cannot be made beautiful in some sense, I cannot live with it. This is not intended as praise for Classic." }, { "body": "Dear all, Please find details about our annual Digital Identity Forum at Hyperion, scheduled in Singapore during October. Notable speakers include representatives from Microsoft, Liberty Alliance UK, Central and Local Government, Law Enforcement, Financial Services (including Egg, RBSNatWest), EC Research Centre, a psychologist, and others. We look forward to your attendance. Regards, David Birch, Director - Hyperion" }, { "body": "R A Hettigaa, The Internet Bearer Underwriting Corporation, Farquhar Street, Boston MA USA. Edward Gibbon, in his 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire', may have predicted the end of the world, but such predictions have not been found agreeable to experience." }, { "body": "Dear Gary Lawrence Murphy, When something appears to be lacking beauty, I find myself questioning why I perceive it as such and often discover that there is no reason. This sentiment resonates with John Cage, who asserts that when working on a problem, he does not consider beauty; his focus lies solely in solving the issue. However, if the solution is not beautiful once completed, he knows it is incorrect. R. Buckminster Fuller echoes this perspective, stating that simplicity is the highest goal to strive for after overcoming all difficulties. Similarly, Frederic Chopin views externalities as a last resort for those who cling to control (dirigistes). R. A Hettinga expresses concern about a scheme that satisfies our wants by suppressing desires - much like trying to fit shoes without feet. Jonathan Swift's words, 'The stoical scheme of supplying our wants by lopping off our desires is like cutting off our feet when we want shoes,' provide an eloquent illustration of this idea. Best regards," }, { "body": "When I'm engrossed in solving a problem, I don't consider aesthetics; I merely focus on finding a solution. However, if the solution lacks elegance or beauty, I instinctively feel that it is not correct. This sentiment is echoed by Buckminster Fuller, who noted that he only appreciated the beauty of his Geodesic Dome after its completion. Similarly, Fuller, Gary Lawrence Murphy, and Picasso share a view that computers, while capable of providing answers, are essentially useless when it comes to appreciating beauty." }, { "body": "People with ample free time may want to look at this first, as it requires some thought before moving on to the Kenpken Corgi Sandwich Game Developer's opinion piece on the millennium hand and shrimp." }, { "body": "The attached file appears to be an output from an outdated Java program named Jitterbits. It is particularly beneficial for digital camera users who end up taking numerous photos during vacations. Gary Lawrence Murphy of TeleDynamics Communications notes that conventional computers are limited, as they can only provide answers, similar to Picasso." }, { "body": "Oh my, it appears there are two of them now. I suppose that's why my job board suddenly skyrocketed to the top of my traffic list. Gary Lawrence from TeleDynamics Communications seems to be having some issues with computers - they can only provide answers, not like Picasso." }, { "body": "Subject: Annual Consult Hyperion Digital Identity Forum Dear all, The annual Hyperion Digital Identity Forum is taking place and unfortunately, there has been an error with the URL provided which should redirect to <RA_HETTINGA>. Please visit the website for more details. Speakers at this event include representatives from Microsoft, Liberty Alliance UK, central and local government, law enforcement, financial services (such as Egg and RBS NatWest), the EC Research Centre, a psychologist and others. We look forward to seeing you there. Regards, Dave Birch, Director Consult Hyperion Tel: Fax: Email: Web: " }, { "body": "Dear Stephen D. Williams, The purpose of our lives appears to be liberating ourselves from all addictive entanglements and ultimately unifying with the sea of living love. Two options presented are psychosis and neurosis. I thought I'd share this with you from the Northern Mountain Order of the White Wind Zen Community. A side note regarding computers and women in Zen: according to Gary Lawrence Murphy, they can only provide answers, much like Picasso's perception." }, { "body": "Typically, I am averse to mysticism, even when it is coupled with sound ideas as it serves as a significant turnoff. For instance, the contrast between YogaTM and more scientifically-grounded relaxation techniques such as Betagenics Hypnosis, Autohypnosis etc, demonstrates this point. As a teenager, I immersed myself in various topics including Tai Chi vs Tai Bo Gforce Dynostaffi. However, stumbling upon this (while searching for something entirely unrelated), I must say that it contains some witty truths, one of which I particularly appreciate is their emphasis on non-addiction. The MindProd Treehugger site also provides some intriguing quotes etc. To be honest, most of these 'new age' jargon seems to presuppose that you are a simple-minded individual in need of religion-like coaching of ideas to grasp and internalize. This can be rather irritating, but taken in moderation, it is interesting to compare and contrast with our modern mental models. I found that a few of the principles could be used to explain and justify US foreign policy and actions. Apologies for any embedded HTML. We create the world we live in. A loving person lives in a loving world; a hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror. You inflict suffering on yourself and others just as much when you take offense as when you give offense to be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. The past is dead, the future is imaginary; happiness can only be in the eternal now moment. How soon will you realize that the only thing you don't have is the direct experience that there's nothing you need that you don't have? Love a person because he or she is there. Happiness happens when your consciousness is not dominated by addictions and demands, and you experience life as a parade of preferences. The purpose of our lives is to be free of all addictive traps and thus become one with the ocean of living love." }, { "body": "Dear Stephen D, I came across an intriguing method that though never written about by PK, he often demonstrated in workshops. It's a technique to alleviate physical pain: draw the pain in the air with your finger, approximately the size of a few inches to a foot, and take around 10 seconds to trace its perimeter carefully. Listen to the pain to find the precise boundary between where it hurts and where it does not. You will find that after about 5 minutes, the pain may shift, shrink, or disappear. A variant of this is to imagine making a model of the pain using colored clay. I must admit, I used this method on a particularly troublesome coworker, and I found it quite amusing. Regarding your opinion about mysticism, even when associated with good ideas, you share my sentiments. However, while searching for something unrelated, I stumbled upon some interesting truisms in the MindProd TreeHugger site, particularly their addiction to non-addiction. Though much of it is wrapped in new age vernacular, it's intriguing to compare and contrast with our modern mental models. I found a few principles that could be used to explain and justify some of our foreign policy actions. I apologize for the embedded HTML. As per the quote, 'we create the world we live in', a loving person lives in a loving world, a hostile person lives in a hostile world. Everyone you meet is your mirror; you make yourself and others suffer just as much when you take offense as when you give offense to be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. The past is dead, the future is imaginary, happiness can only be in the eternal now moment. Love a person because he or she is there; this is the only reason for happiness. I found that when your consciousness is not dominated by addictions and demands, you experience life as a parade of preferences, and the purpose of our lives is to be free of all addictive traps and thus become one with the ocean of living love. Sincerely, Stephen D Williams" }, { "body": "Regarding Mr. Fork's query, imagine a scenario where a bot listens in on a conversation between two individuals discussing potential trips. In this situation, the bot might provide information about the weather forecast without being explicitly asked. I suspect it's not as insidious as active spam, but more like offering helpful tips. However, it could potentially be seen as intrusive or unwanted interjections. For instance, instead of directly asking for Seattle weather, the bot might mention it on its own initiative, possibly even offering discounted airline tickets. This could be perceived as annoying, especially if the adjective to describe such a bot is 'Peregrine', meaning having a tendency to wander or intrude." }, { "body": "Greetings, it seems this child has an abundance of free time. Kind regards, bitbitch" }, { "body": "I came across some interesting points, not entirely novel, but still worth mentioning. The Economist seems to have noticed the parallel between interacting with computers and socializing online, akin to using MSN. Here's to more insightful discussions on this topic!" }, { "body": "I had an idea for an active chat similar to AOL, where ads and other features were triggered based on discussion topics. The VP of Development (now CTO) was very interested in this concept, and we even discussed the possibility of patenting it. However, interest waned probably for the better. Lorin Rivers suggested a scenario where interaction with the bot isn't direct; instead, the bot listens in and provides advice, corrections, interjections, etc. For instance, a weather bot might mention the forecast while two people are discussing trips without being explicitly asked. My guess is that it's more intrusive than that, potentially becoming active spam such as 'You're going to Seattle? I can get you airline tickets for less.' " }, { "body": "Hi there, I thought you might find this interesting - a story about the Ig Nobels, always worth a read. If only we had a Catmood Decipherer! Navel gazing has won an Ig Nobel this year, as reported by Jay Lindsay in Boston, October." }, { "body": "Dear Dave, The United States is the only country in the world to tax its citizens on a global basis regardless of their residence or assets. This was stated by Philip Marcovici, a Zurich-based lawyer from Baker & McKenzie. Even under current expatriation law, wealth thresholds based on net worth can imply that an individual giving up US citizenship is doing so for tax reasons. Individuals who have relinquished their citizenship and who earned anything in the years before expatriation or who have a net worth exceeding a certain threshold are automatically deemed as 'taxpatriates'. These individuals would be subject to ordinary income tax on U.S. source income for the years they would also be subject to U.S. estate and gift tax during the period. If a new proposal in Congress becomes law, all citizens who relinquish their status will be taxed as if they had sold everything or died, exposing them immediately to capital gains tax. It is worth noting that this would mean they would also immediately pay out the difference for anyone whose tax basis was greater than their current estate value. On a positive note, Australian cities overall scored particularly highly in The Economist Intelligence Unit's survey of desirability for expats. All five of Australia's urban centers surveyed ranked near the top of the table. Europe was also well represented among the top places. The top U.S. city, Honolulu, ranked along with Boston (the highest-ranked city on the U.S. mainland). Canada contrastingly had three cities in the top ten. The UK cities of London and Manchester gained only a midtable rating, while Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea was at the bottom of the list." }, { "body": "I am not very familiar with eRoom, but the phrase 'collaborate in real-time' seems to be causing some apprehension among users. However, I wonder if any users actually derive benefits from real-time content management. Documentum, a content management vendor, announced on Thursday that it plans to acquire privately held eRoom Technologies in a deal worth approximately $100 million. Documentum will issue about $40 million in its common stock and pay about $60 million in cash for all the outstanding shares of eRoom. Documentum offers a platform for enterprise-wide content management, while eRoom provides tools for enterprise collaboration. Their customers include Airbus, Bausch Lomb, Ford Motor Co., and Sony. Documentum announced plans this summer to deliver a new collaboration edition of its content management suite, and eRoom was already integrating its tools onto the Documentum platform, making an acquisition a logical move, according to Documentum's President and CEO Dave Dewalt. With the upcoming joint product, customers will be able to collaborate in real-time via virtual workspaces, sharing schedules, resources, and even jointly creating content. Content creation and management has traditionally been a collaborative task, but workflow has typically been delivered through web browser interfaces or even simple email, rarely in real-time. For now, Documentum will sell the eRoom platform and its own content management system through combined sales channels; further integration is planned down the line." }, { "body": "It appears that someone accidentally entered a URL incorrectly, which redirects to 'I didn't mess it up, I fucked it up by not paying attention while copying and pasting from somewhere else'. In the future, I will ensure to leave such tasks to our PR team. Best regards, Dave Birch" }, { "body": "Documentum, a content management vendor, announced its acquisition of Eroom Technologies for approximately $104 million. The deal involves issuing around $3.4 million shares of Documentum's common stock and paying about $9.6 million in cash for all outstanding shares of Eroom. While the details of Eroom are not well-known, it specializes in enterprise collaboration, specifically real-time collaboration. This acquisition comes after Eroom had already started integrating its tools with the Documentum platform, making it an easy target according to Documentum President and CEO Dave Dewalt. The combined entities will allow customers to collaborate in real-time via virtual workspaces, sharing schedules, resources, and even jointly creating content. While content creation and management have traditionally been collaborative tasks, real-time collaboration has rarely been a feature offered before now. Post-acquisition, Documentum plans to sell the Eroom platform and its own content management system through combined sales channels. Further integration is planned down the line." }, { "body": "Hello, I was wondering if anyone knows why vCard support is missing in Mozilla, as it's not present in Netscape either and consequently, not in the new mail engine. I noticed that both Netscape Messenger and Mozilla have LDAP (Lightweight Directory Access Protocol) LDIF (LDAP Data Interchange Format) import/export, but I can't find vCard or any references to it anywhere. I appreciate your Netscape/Mozilla email client due to its features, but I avoid using Windows due to security issues, as my main environment is Linux. With the growing popularity of LDAP and related DSML (LDAP Services Markup Language) and DNS SRV (Service Location) record methods, is there a decline in vCard usage? Is there an emerging standard to address the naming mismatch between the two? I've had some experience with directories in the past, but I find myself diving deeper now, especially with the increasing focus on PKI (Public Key Infrastructure). I will soon be integrating smart cards into my Linux and other systems and connecting them with Netscape Messenger/Mozilla and Outlook. Any wisdom or guidance would be greatly appreciated, particularly in regards to integrating smart cards. Thank you, SDW" }, { "body": "British researchers were recognized for their study that discovered ostriches exhibited increased amorous behavior towards each other when humans were present. Interestingly, this behavior eventually extended to attempting advances on humans. Remarkably, the same applies to manatees. The Ig Nobel Prize, an annual prize for ten achievements that 'first make people laugh, then make them think', was awarded to this study. Carey thought you might appreciate reading about it: If only they had a Catmood decoder, 'Navel Gazing Wins an Ig Nobel' by Jay Lindsay, Boston, October." }, { "body": "The research of Geege Schuman's team was recognized for discovering that ostriches and manatees become more affectionate in the presence of humans. Interestingly, some ostriches even started to make advances towards humans. This phenomenon is also observed in manatees. The question arises as to how much of this behavior is due to crossing species boundaries for social status or ambition towards authority figures, and how much is due to novelty or the 'they'll fuck anything given appropriate conditions' mentality. It seems that the last hypothesis might be a test of intelligence, considering it is a particularly human perspective." }, { "body": "The structure of the internet has always been independent of where physical paths are laid, yet the world requires 'ditch diggers' too. It seems you view the world in a similar way - your degree of separation makes you a new version of yourself. The concept of scale-free networks, often associated with viruses, sex, and money, is not as trivial as it may seem. Statistically indistinguishable models actually refer to internet-scale phenomena, rediscovered through social network research. It has been found that the network of human sexual partners also appears to be scale-free. I prefer the Harvard Business Review over The Economist due to their lesser focus on who is involved in intimate relationships and their emphasis on developing real statistical models. Gregory Alan Bolcer, CTO at Endeavors Technology Inc (endeavors.com), recently wrote an article that highlights the similarity between computer and social chat with friends online. It was interesting to see The Economist acknowledge this parallel." }, { "body": "The text you provided seems to be a passage discussing the importance of elegance and aesthetic design in both structural engineering and programming languages. The author suggests that good designers choose designs that look good because they are good, as these designs can be confidently used by both the designer and the user. The programming language is also seen as a work environment where it should contribute to the quality of activities taking place within it, encourage its use, and not hinder but serve as a collaborator. Additionally, the programming language symbolizes various values and can promote a set of values through its features. To acquire a refined sense of elegance necessary for good design, one must gain extensive experience in design, critiquing and revising their own designs, as well as evaluating and improving other people's designs." }, { "body": "The Palestinian woman, Hijacker High Dalal Mughrabi, was involved in a bus hijacking that resulted in the deaths of Israelis and an American nature photographer named Gail Ruban. Interestingly, a high school has been named after her, but it's starting to show signs of deterioration. Fortunately, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) has intervened with funds to help renovate it. This is a step towards ensuring the longevity of this Palestinian institution." }, { "body": "She reviewed the links and wondered about the life dedicated to highlighting neighbors' errors, mishaps, inconsistencies, and frailties. She mused that boasting might be undervalued, as per good books, John. Bring it on! On behalf of Saturday, October, let us discuss our friends, the Palestinians, and their governing officials. High Dalal Mughrabi was a Palestinian woman who played a part in a bus hijacking during which Israelis and an American nature photographer, Gail Ruban, were killed. A school named after Mughrabi in Palestine seems to be deteriorating, but fortunately, the United States Agency for International Development has stepped in with funds to aid in its renovation. Here are the links for your reference: Censeo Palestinine (Esse Delendam)" }, { "body": "I suggest renaming it Charlie Heston High, which might encourage students to practice with extended military-grade scopes and high-velocity ammunition, a more effective approach than random acts of violence in the suburbs of Washington. Lately, violence associated with any political ideology contradicting Bushism is seen as abhorrent, but random violence seems to be entertainment and intrigue. According to a few ex-FBI consultants commenting on the shootings in DC, the shooters, who are presumed to be a pair, appear to be experiencing a heroin-like high with each successful kill, and they for some reason decided to challenge law enforcement and society. This was not fun and games, as John Hall put it on Saturday at 3:00 PM; it was more about adding to the horror file. For the Palestinians, such incidents are not accidents, which is a crucial part of the horror. I'm not against the American taxpayers remodeling a school honoring a killer if we do it with a Daisy Cutter. Here are some links for your reference: (foreignbureausarchi), (foreignbureausasppageforeignbureausarchi). John, do bring it on! Regarding the renovation of a school honoring a Palestinian woman, Dalal Mughrabi, who participated in a bus hijacking that resulted in the deaths of Israelis and an American nature photographer, Gail Rubin, it's good to know that the United States Agency for International Development has taken steps to help renovate it." }, { "body": "It was not boasting, but rather an addition to our collection of atrocities, and indeed, for the Palestinians, it was not a mistake which is a crucial part of their horrifying reality. I am not opposed to American taxpayers rebuilding a school honoring a murderer; if we do it with a Daisy Cutter, that would be another story. George Schuman wrote on Saturday afternoon: 'For our friends the Palestinians, our servants in government,' she read the links, wondering what kind of life it must be to spend one's days pointing out neighbors' mistakes, mishaps, inconsistencies, and frailties. Gloating is definitely underrated in the good book, eh John? Bring it on, George.' On behalf of John Hall, Saturday afternoon: 'For our friends the Palestinians, our servants in government,' high Dalal Mughrabi was a Palestinian woman who participated in a bus hijacking, resulting in the death of Israelis and an American nature photographer, Gail Rubin. The school named after her is showing signs of wear, but fortunately, the United States Agency for International Development has provided funds to renovate it. Unfortunate events such as these suggest that Palestine should be destroyed." }, { "body": "I am not opposed to American taxpayers refurbishing a school named after a criminal, should we choose to do so. However, I would like to bring up an unusual suggestion: let's include a Daisy Cutter bomb, with or without occupants, as part of the remodeling." }, { "body": "John Hall's comment was not a boast, but rather something for the 'horror file'. For the Palestinians, this incident is far from a mistake; it forms a significant part of their horror. I'm not against American taxpayers renovating a school, but if it's to honor a killer, I am concerned. If we rename it after a weapon like a Daisy Cutter, I assume the intention is that it will eventually be renamed for the settler who eliminates the last Palestinian in a few years." }, { "body": "I have reviewed the links you sent, which were shared by Geege Schuman on behalf of Sunday October. The content seems to express concern about a school being remodeled in Palestine, with references to its former name and past events. It also suggests that there is unease about future implications, particularly if the school is renamed again in the future. However, it appears that the author is not against the American taxpayers funding this project." }, { "body": "When a settler commits a violent act and kills Palestinians, they are treated as criminals, not heroes. However, you were well aware of this when a Palestinian sets out to celebrate, intending to harm innocent children with a suicide bomb. It's interesting to note that the shrapnel in these attacks is often dipped in rat poison to prevent blood clotting in victims. I presume all Jewish suicide bombers do the same, but wait, there aren't any, are there? If Palestinians are forced out either by expulsion or death, they will have no one to blame but themselves. However, this won't stop you from pretending otherwise on behalf of Owen Byrne. I assume the plan is that the area will be named after the settler who kills the last Palestinian in a few years. Owen." }, { "body": "Regarding your request about the Palestinian issue, I have read the links you provided and found them both informative and enlightening. Exposing governmental folly is not merely amusing but also educative. By ridiculing such folly, we can prevent it from recurring in the future. The article 'brickbats' leans heavily on this concept, though the specific example you highlighted was indeed shocking rather than comical. To illustrate a comic instance, consider the case of a city that fined a woman for parking in an unmarked no-parking zone – absurd, isn't it? I hope this helps clarify your points." }, { "body": "I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to clarify that while the articles you shared may be humorous, they also serve an educational purpose in exposing folly. As you rightly pointed out, ridiculing folly can help prevent it from recurring. The example you provided of a city wanting a woman to pay for parking in an unmarked 'no parking' space was indeed a 'stupid item'. For comparison, I suggest looking at the article titled 'The City that Wanted a Woman to Pay for Parking in an Unmarked No Parking Space' by Geege Schuman. Regarding your comment about me being an idiot for reading Brickbats, I hope you did not mean it as intended." }, { "body": "For over three years, I've been experiencing a persistent issue with my phone bill from Pacific Bell (now SBC). Each time I contact them every two to three months, I encounter a problem with a disconnected phone line that someone who no longer resides at our house is still being billed for. Sometimes their system can't find the account, others claim it has been disconnected, and occasionally they verify the disconnection but are unsure about the owed amount or how to send us a bill. After sending back the bills marked 'Not at this address', I have to repeat the process again. Recently, I explain that I understand their representatives aren't to blame for the issue and express my frustration constructively by giving them the option to escalate the matter to their superiors. Lately, I've received a refund check from Pacific Bell (SBC). It appears they went through the trouble of printing, signing, sealing, and stamping a check to refund me a minimal amount." }, { "body": "I found it rather amusing when my apartment manager persistently emailed me notices about an alleged debt, especially since their office was right behind where I lived – Cindy on Mon Oct. Today, I received a check from Pacific Bell (now known as SBC). It turns out they went through the trouble of printing, signing, sealing and stamping a check to refund me, which, considering how little the amount is, they spent more than necessary just for materials. My question is, why do companies go through such expense when there's a bottom line regarding cost-effectiveness? Perhaps I should have appreciated lower rates instead of being returned pennies. I am still perplexed as to whether I should frame this check, burn it or deposit it. Maybe returning it for them to spend more money on processing it again would be a good idea, though I'm not sure if that buys anything anymore. Ironically, I couldn't even make a phone call these days – boggles the mind! BB, by the way, I have no interest in mathematics." }, { "body": "I have been pondering over this issue since Monday, October . I'm in a dilemma about what to do with the check I received years ago for a CD sale, which serves as my tangible proof that I am a professional musician. I haven't cashed the check yet, so technically, I haven't been paid. However, this is a separate issue altogether." }, { "body": "I knew it would be a day for madness, so today Newscom chose to write two insightful articles about the DMCA and even linked to the controversial Decssexe code. Interestingly enough, none of the other news services that originally linked to spankedslashdot followed suit, but I did. I find this whole situation incredibly amusing. It seems that Congress and the courts really need to be examining how laws such as the DMCA are applied. Unfortunately, these rules seem to be more about who you know, how nefarious the defendant party is, and how sympathetic the judge is towards the case rather than objective justice. This cynical view on being a lawyer has certainly been reinforced. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear Dave, I was informed that only the United States taxes its citizens on a worldwide basis. As far as I know, this is also the case for Australia. However, I shouldn't rely on editorial fact-checking. If they manage to replicate the process that took place in Northern Ireland, perhaps in a few years they'll be arguing across the floor of some legislative assembly instead. Label me an optimist since 'letting you and him fight' worked so remarkably poorly in Ireland, but there must have been places where it worked well for the British to attempt it again in Israel. I'm not sure what you mean by 'letting you and him fight,' but it is important to remember that England controlled Ireland for years, and it was only due to the distraction of WW1 that the south managed to gain its independence. If you mean splitting countries upon arbitrary lines and assigning different groups to opposite sides of the line, it also seems to have not worked in India (Pakistan), a similar situation to Ireland. Canada, which is supposed to be a loose confederation of founding nations (French and English), can be cited as a success. The jury is still out, but so far only a few brief rebellions and referendums have occurred, with the country remaining together after years. Owen" }, { "body": "I recall hearing about this a few years ago, and it appears that both Wired and Slashyrot are running stories on data transfer via human touch. This seems to be the first bi-coastal file exchange system, where the newest offspring tunes could potentially be distributed through handshakes or 'copulation' (as in merging of files), and possibly even through mosh pitting (as in a chaotic, energetic sharing of information)." }, { "body": "Hello Monday, October PM, I recall hearing about this concept a few years ago, but Wired and SlashyRot are currently covering data transfer through human toucht. It brings to mind the first bicoastal file exchange system where newborn tunes would be distributed by handshake copulation and moshpitting. I'm just curious, with the porn market often being the earliest adopter of all new technologies, how will they spin this one? It seems like an innovative way to transfer data while physically interacting - exchanging energy. Best regards, BitBitch" }, { "body": "I recently received a check from Pac Bell (now known as SBC) for an unpaid claim. It appears they went through the trouble of printing, signing, sealing, and stamping a check to refund me, despite spending more than the amount on the check just to gather materials. I find it perplexing that companies still engage in this costly behavior, especially when one considers the bottom line. I couldn't help but wonder if I should have received lower rates instead of being refunded pennies. The situation has left me puzzled - whether to frame the check, burn it, or cash it. Perhaps returning it to sender could make them spend more on returning my due funds, but I'm not sure if that's practical. It's ironic that I've had issues making phone calls recently and yet companies still seem to be wasting resources like this. Best regards." }, { "body": "John, I understand your frustration with the refund check you received from SBC (formerly Pac Bell). It seems to be an unnecessary expense on their part, especially since they could have simply waived the overcharge or reduced some of those service fees. Instead, they opted for a check, which appears to be more costly than beneficial. I share your sentiment that it would be preferable for companies to prioritize cost-effectiveness and fair pricing rather than overbilling customers slightly to keep excess revenue. However, the legislation seems to lack effective means of controlling this situation, resorting to requirements like this refund check instead. It's a strange predicament we find ourselves in. I appreciate your analogy about framing, burning, or cashing the check, but I think returning it might be an option to express your displeasure and make them spend more on processing the return. In essence, it seems that value is no longer what it used to be." }, { "body": "Dear James Rogers, It seems that you are discussing the current state of Canada, which is a loose confederation of founding nations (French and English). While it can be cited as a success, there is ongoing debate about this. So far, only a few brief rebellions and referendums have occurred, but Canada has remained together for years. However, Alberta, and to some extent other western provinces, are not happy with the current arrangement. This dissatisfaction stems from the unique structure of the Canadian government, which ignores the interests of Alberta despite its economic powerhouse status. The province sends more than twice the tax dollars per capita to Ottawa compared to the average Canadian, yet only receives token representation in the federal government. The problem lies in the fact that the smaller eastern provinces have a greater number of representatives in the legislature than the entire province of Alberta, despite having fewer people. This allows the eastern provinces to draw funds from Alberta for their social programs without giving anything back in return. In essence, Alberta is being used as an ATM machine by the eastern provinces, and this has led to growing dissatisfaction among Albertans over the years. The Canadian government has more flexibility than the US government, allowing it to implement regulations that only apply to certain provinces, with Alberta often on the receiving end of these restrictions. You mention that you have friends in Alberta and visit occasionally but are not fully clear on everything that goes on due to your partial unfamiliarity with their government. What is clear is that Albertans are increasingly unhappy with their current position in Canada, and this sentiment has been worsening over the years. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "I am deeply invested in decentralization due to my conviction that many of the pressing issues with networked applications today are rooted in centralization. Centralized systems, be it political or economic, only allow for one solution to a problem, whereas decentralization allows multiple separate entities to hold different views on the same subject. In software terms, centralized variables can only have one valid value at a time, which restricts our ability to represent information based solely on the beliefs of one agency. This limitation is manifesting in practice, for instance, email protocols and tools do not acknowledge the distinct interests of senders and receivers, leading to issues like spam. Centralized systems also create unfair advantages such as with real-time bidding where lower latency connections to a centralized auction server can lead to an advantage (SLAMMING). Ad-hoc wireless networks are another example of decentralized resource allocation. On a broader scale, the limitations imposed by centralization, though seemingly abstract today, will not improve as the cost of computing, storage, and communication bandwidth continues to decrease. The speed of light and human independence establish fundamental limits to centralized information representation, thereby limiting the efficiency and adaptability of centralized software architecture." }, { "body": "Chris Haun, a LifeGem is a certified high-quality diamond made from the carbon of your loved one, serving as a memorial to their unique and wonderful life. I'm sure there's enough carbon in the fat from a typical liposuction procedure to create a decent diamond. Joe" }, { "body": "Dear , On behalf of Dave Long, I am writing to share some thoughts regarding your recent discussion on property rights. When you mentioned that obtaining legal title can take years and assumed we were referring to the urban poor, it seemed logical given the context of Cairo's reference. However, upon observing people living in mansions or suburban subdivisions, I presumed they did not encounter too many issues with their titles. It appears that I made a similar assumption about a different country, where a local newspaper, intrigued by our evidence of extralegal real estate holdings, checked the head of state's official residence for a recorded title. Interestingly, it was discovered that there was none. The value of land in the formal sector of Lima averages per square meter, while in the area of Gamarra, where a significant part of Peru's informal manufacturing sector resides, the value can be as high. This led me to believe that De Soto's argument, that it is incorrect to assume that those living in mansions without title are the norm, may not hold true in this case. However, De Soto explains that while such properties might exist, they cannot be used for collateral for a loan or other purposes due to their extralegal status. Mr. Long may find the work of Hernando de Soto particularly interesting, as it delves into the phenomenon you referred to as 'the bell jar'. De Soto proposes that this bell jar is created by segregating those who have practical access to legal property rights and those who do not. The latter group lacks access to systems where property can be turned into capital and allowed to grow. In the meantime, you might find it interesting to explore the work of French historian Fernand Braudel, whose 'Bell Jar' is a different concept. Braudel's 'Bell Jar' refers to understanding why a sector of society, which was capitalist in nature, lived as if in a bell jar, cut off from the rest. It questions why this sector was not able to expand and conquer the whole society, and why significant rates of capital formation were only possible in certain sectors and not in the whole market economy of the time. It may seem paradoxical that during an age of depressed economic climate, magnificent country residences were being built. De Soto's theory is that this phenomenon occurs when access to legal property rights is segregated, limiting the growth and expansion of capital." }, { "body": "I find political snail mail appealing, despite its shortcomings. It provides valuable information about local politics that is not readily available on television. The protection of political emails is equally important as any other form of political speech. Spam serves as a tool for dissident news since recipients cannot be held accountable for being on the mailing list." }, { "body": "On Friday, Robert Harley shared an amusing anecdote. Whether it's true or not is uncertain, but the story certainly doesn't support a conclusive or authoritative statement. This strategy seems to be a useful tool - let any anecdotal statements pass as truth until proven false and then apply a stricter standard to other data. I understand how this approach could be advantageous before the label mongers start their work. I don't care much about Bubbau's utterances, they are all nonsense. My advice is to 'kill your idols,' as your slips are showing." }, { "body": "I have my doubts because I've never come across any information suggesting that Bush and Chirac actually went to Brighton. The email only mentions Blair speaking with Williams there." }, { "body": "I'll be eager to see your response unless you're a fan of anime or subscribe to the belief that deceased individuals can send emails. I find the subject of your email amusingly intriguing. By the way, I've recently filled up the green coolant in my Navi Bonus and was wondering if Adam is aware of which anime I'm referring to. If he isn't, I suppose that means no bonus points for me, didn't think so. Joe, we've just begun watching Boogiepop Phantom, where the combatant's state is described as your father and mother being your only protector. It seems no level of discipline could be too harsh for one who denies this by word or deed." }, { "body": "On Sunday, September, I presume Geege finds her subject quite amusing, especially since she has stepped away from AOL and moved on to another platform. Interestingly, AOL is still considered the most mom-friendly place to secure bandwidth, though it seems you might not be as adept with a bow as you should be if you're trying to escape! Bonus points if Adam recognizes the anime I'm referring to. To clarify, in the world of anime, there are characters who can communicate via email and lead somewhat normal lives, much like the protagonist of Serial Experiments Lain, where the initial 'I'm not dead yet' is conveyed through email. Adam L Duncan Beberg" }, { "body": "Dear Mr. Shore, I understand that you are proposing a patent idea for a system where a warrant mark is added to RFC xheaders or the body of an email, allowing senders to certify their mail as 'not spam'. This warranty would be enforced using copyright and trademark infringement mechanisms. It appears that your vision involves Verisign playing a role in this process, potentially signing all your non-spam emails for a fee. However, I must express some reservations about your idea. As you mention, a service like this, if implemented by a company such as Verisign, might also potentially be used to sign spam. This could lead to confusion and undermine the trust in the system. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August, Matthew Cline informed Harold Hallikainen about a unique opportunity for companies. They can utilize short snippets of copyrighted and trademarked text in their email message headers. These texts will serve as a 'notspam' indicator, recognized by email filters. Any spammers who use the text may face legal action for copyright and trademark infringement. It is possible that there could be a patent dispute before any action is taken. This initiative aims to separate legitimate bulk emailers from spammers, with Ironport Systems Inc in San Bruno, CA developing the 'Bonded Sender Program'. This program is designed to offer credibility to legitimate senders. This SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of constant spam? Join our SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List for a solution." }, { "body": "If I establish a rule with the name 'delete', would it remove this text from the body and conceal it from other rules? If so, I'm considering using it for Yahoo, SN, and Juno ads to reduce FPS. This SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN; tired of that same old cell phone advertisement? Get a new one for free! SpamAssassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Justin Shore, Pittsburgh State University Network Systems Manager, I recently came across a false positive in my spam filter that flagged an email as an unsolicited ad from Applecom regarding educator deals. If you'd like to see the email, I can send it over and add it to our non-spam corpus. As for the new release, we've been working on improving the scores given by SpamAssassin, particularly for HTML mail that resembles newsletters. Since you've been signing up for legitimate newsletters from various sources, these types of emails should no longer receive high spam scores once we re-run the system. I find your approach to be quite slick! If I come across any more such legitimate newsletters, I will definitely share them with you. Thank you for the information and keep up the good work! Regards," }, { "body": "It appears that there is an issue with the user's procmail configuration, specifically in her homeuserprocmailrc file. The problem seems to be that the recipe for forwarding inbound emails to another email address outside the company is not working as expected. Here are a few suggestions that might help you troubleshoot: 1. Check the syntax of the user's procmailrc file. Ensure it follows the correct format and there are no typos or errors. 2. Test the user's procmailrc file in isolation to confirm if it works independently from the global etcprocmailrc file. You can do this by temporarily replacing the global file with a test file (test procmailholder as mentioned). 3. Investigate if there are any differences between the working and non-working user's procmailrc files that might be causing the issue. This could include permissions, paths, or other configuration settings. 4. Verify that the user's email client is correctly set up to use the local procmail mechanism for processing messages. Sometimes, issues can arise due to incorrect client configurations. 5. If none of the above suggestions resolve the issue, consider reaching out to a procmail expert or seeking help from the spamassassin-talk mailing list you mentioned." }, { "body": "It's conceivable that the poor economy is affecting spammers just as much as others, but if you've been actively reporting them, it could simply be that. It might also be possible that your upstream ISP is becoming more aggressive in this matter. I will follow up on Wednesday, August at 3 PM to discuss this further. The plots provided do not illustrate the drop from daily to weekly emails I've noticed at work since the week of May when spam receipts peaked. It's unclear whether it's aggressive reporting getting us off lists or if others are experiencing similar situations." }, { "body": "Theo Van Dinter, I have rerun the mass check and resubmitted the mail. I have sorted the log by score so the timestamp is now visible. I apologize if I missed it before. Regarding the SFNet email sponsorship and your frustration with the same old cell phone advertisements, perhaps you could consider getting a new one for free here. However, please be aware that this offer may contain spam or unwanted solicitations." }, { "body": "Subject: Discussion on SpamAssassin's Activity and False Negatives Dear Theo Van Dinter, I hope this message finds you well. I noticed that SpamAssassinSightings is the fourth most active list for this month on SourceForge. It seems there is more sighting of spam than talk or development combined. I assume people are aware that they should only send false negatives (spam not detected) to this list? Either SpamAssassin is missing a lot of spam or some users are sending all their spam there. I have sent in some spam that either didn't score or scored practically nothing, as I believe if it scores below a certain level, a rule needs to be refined to catch it. Most people run SA at a certain score threshold, so if it scores less than that, a rule should be adjusted to detect it. Justin Shore - Network Systems Manager - Pittsburgh State University" }, { "body": "Thank you for reaching out. Regarding your request about the PerlModule :checkuser and its potential integration with SpamAssassin, I would appreciate it if we could discuss this further. From what I understand, this module implements an SMTPCallback feature. We have not explicitly discussed or rejected this idea in our previous meetings. As for the possibility of implementing it ourselves, it's something that can be explored, depending on our current project priorities and resource availability. If your department contributes a SMTPCallback patch, we would prefer a one-time contribution rather than managing and integrating it with SpamAssassin in the future. This arrangement should work for us, as long as you are running SpamAssassin on an account where all mail from somedomain on another server ends up through per scientiam ad libertatem." }, { "body": "The text provided appears to be a list of individuals associated with Datapower, a networking technology company. Here are some highlights: - Kieran Taylor, Director of Product Marketing, who has experience as a marketing professional, industry analyst, and journalist. - Steve Willis, Vice President of Advanced Technology, known for his work in protocol optimization and network optimization technologies. - Bill Tao, Vice President of Engineering, with extensive experience in LAN and WAN networking. The text also mentions Mark Hoover, President and cofounder of Acuitive Inc, a startup accelerator with years of experience in the networking industry. George Kassabgi, currently Vice President of Engineering at BEA Systems, is another notable figure, known for his work in the application server marketplace. Lastly, Marshall T Rose, who runs his own firm Dover Beach Consulting Inc, and was previously the IETF Area Director for Network Management, is also associated with Datapower." }, { "body": "Dear Ian Andrew Bell, On behalf of James Rogers, I'm writing to discuss a recent incident involving your company. You concluded a routine with an impressive quadruple lutz; however, this feat came at the expense of hundreds of thousands of workers who were subsequently laid off. When everything fell apart, it brought into question the stability of employment in such businesses. It's important to clarify that laying off workers is neither a criminal act nor an immoral one. Companies do not exist primarily for employment purposes; their primary goal is to generate profit and growth. In the United States, government jobs are the closest equivalent to this concept, although they often come with their own set of challenges. A debate exists regarding the efficiency of markets versus societal gains from irrational behavior. If businesspeople consistently overestimate their chances, it may lead to losses for the individual businesses but could potentially yield a net gain for society. The law of averages works in favor of society in ways that it cannot for an individual. One reason often cited as to why the United States outperformed England was because English investors were too rational for their society's good, except when U.S. investors were exploiting them to build canals and railroads here. Innovation and technological advancements in dark wire glass could potentially bring substantial benefits to society at a fraction of the initial investment costs. However, it is crucial to remember that these gains often come with costs to the investors. Looking forward to hearing your thoughts on this matter. Best regards," }, { "body": "On August xx, Rohit Khare of Datapower Technology introduced a network device tailored for processing XML data. Unlike competitor solutions that process XML data in software, Datapower's device handles the data in hardware, delivering greater performance according to company officials. It appears Sarvega also offers a similar product." }, { "body": "Datapower is a technology company that specializes in developing advanced networking solutions. The key figures of the company include Steve Willis, Vice President of Advanced Technology, who is an accomplished entrepreneur and pioneer in protocol optimization; Bill Tao, Vice President of Engineering, with extensive experience in LAN and WAN networking; Kieran Taylor, Director of Product Marketing, who has a strong background in marketing, industry analysis, and journalism; and Mark Hoover, President and co-founder of Acuitive Inc., who brings over years of experience in the networking industry. Other advisors include George Kassabgi, Vice President of Engineering at Bea Systems, and Marshall T Rose, an expert in internet management and standards." }, { "body": "Rohit Khare at Datapower is set to deliver an XML acceleration device by Scott Tyler Shafer on August . It's worth noting that Intel had a similar device a couple of years ago, but Netstructure seems to have abandoned it. However, Intel continues to be active in the XML hardware field. A spin-off company named Tarari has emerged from Intel, specializing in hardware for checking IP packet headers, which they refer to as layer processing within the OSI model. From what I can gather, Tarari plans to integrate virus scanning and XML acceleration into a single hardware device." }, { "body": "The text you provided contains information about a team of professionals who work at Datapower, a company in the networking industry. Some key figures are Kieran Taylor (Director of Product Marketing), Steve Willis (Vice President of Advanced Technology), Bill Tao (Vice President of Engineering), and Mark Hoover (President and Co-founder of Acuitive Inc). Other individuals mentioned include George Kassabgi (Vice President of Engineering at Bea Systems) and Marshall T. Rose (Founder of Dover Beach Consulting Inc). The text mentions that these individuals have extensive experience in various areas such as product development, marketing, business development, networking, and engineering." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, Aug 31st, Datapower Technology unveiled a network device tailored for processing XML data, unlike competitors whose solutions handle XML in software. Unlike them, Datapower's device processes the data in hardware, which company officials claim offers superior performance. However, it's important to note that this implies significant implications, unless it's merely a misleading statement. According to Kelly, converting data into XML can increase file size up to 10 times, making processing the data extremely taxing on application servers. Datapower advocates an inline device as the most viable alternative or, alternatively, suggests avoiding bloating data in the first place - a key argument of XML itself. However, similar to Oracle's use of Java, this may lead to increased CPU sales due to the performance hit and large file sizes. Security is also crucial in the realm of XML, with today's firewalls designed merely to inspect traffic. Kelly stated that a SOAP packet with XML will bypass a firewall, rendering them blind to XML today. The claim about decoding crypto has raised concerns as machine code conversion isn't advisable, as pointed out by Adam L Duncan." }, { "body": "Dear Reader, Politicians worldwide are discovering the internet as a powerful tool for fascism. Once the necessary laws are in place to address anonymity issues, it becomes a potent instrument. This story reveals the truth about the Canadian government, which is reportedly headquartered in Washington D.C., with Ottawa serving as a branch office. The article by Declan McCullagh, Staff Writer for CNET News, titled 'Canada's ISPs Become Spies?' discusses a proposal that could make internet providers rewire their networks for easy surveillance by police and spy agencies. This plan also includes creating a national database of every Canadian with an internet account. If implemented, this could severely limit the right to online anonymity. The Canadian government, including the Department of Justice and Industry Canada, have drafted this blueprint as part of a process aiming to give law enforcement agents more authority for electronic surveillance. A proposed law based on this discussion draft is expected to be introduced in parliament later this year or early next year. The justification given for such sweeping changes to Canadian law appears weak, according to Michael Geist, a professor at the University of Ottawa who specializes in ecommerce law. The proposal includes compelling internet providers and telephone companies to reconfigure their networks to facilitate government eavesdropping and data retention orders. This move would give law enforcement agencies increased access to private communications. The United States has a similar requirement called the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, but it only applies to pre-internet telecommunications companies. This proposal goes beyond what is specified in the cybercrime treaty and has drawn criticism from human rights activists and civil liberties groups. Sarah Andrews, an analyst at the Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) who specializes in international law, opposes the cybercrime treaty, stating it grants too much power to police and does not adequately respect privacy rights. The proposal also suggests the establishment of a national database containing personal information about all Canadian internet users. The draft states that service providers would be required to provide accurate and current information for this database. Gus Hosein, a visiting fellow at the London School of Economics and an activist with Privacy International, calls this idea a 'dumb' one, questioning whether anonymous mobile phones or internet connections will still be allowed. The Office of George Radwanski, Canada's privacy commissioner, is reviewing the blueprint but has no comments on it as yet. Comments on this proposal can be sent to the relevant authorities before Nov." }, { "body": "I must admit, I'm not clear on your use of 'letting you and him fight'. However, it is crucial to recall that England had control over Ireland for many years. By this, I believe you mean a method of dealing with troublesome populations by placing them next to each other so they cause distress to one another rather than the ruler. To clarify, my interpretation and yours will agree that the Irish and Scots, often considered barbarians who are prone to uprisings, were dealt with in this manner. The Ottomans and Zionists, too, have been described as uppity sorts who are unhappy with their current territories. Your suggestion seems to be to place more of these groups next to each other in the hope of resolving issues for both parties. On a different note, it's worth mentioning that Muslims and Hindus were originally intermingled but partitioned due to their own conflicts rather than English resettlement. Similarly, the French and English had already established themselves on the continent, with events in the colonies being primarily influenced by the balance of power rather than intentional resettlement. Lastly, it appears that the Acadians were relocated but did not seem to cause trouble among their neighbors. Therefore, they were not placed next to others as a means of instigating conflict." }, { "body": "Here is my review of Netscape. They have managed to restore the email search speed to its original level, however, setting up user mail accounts occasionally has a peculiar issue where it lets me access sometimes and not others. A problem that previous versions had was manually updating all address books, but at least they allow you to import them as Netscape address books (though they don't always work as expected). The mail filters are still broken, with the same problem I've been trying to report since: you can't store a mail filter of the age in days greater than or equal to some number. This bug is the single biggest annoyance for me because it makes Netscape one of my most effective antispam tools. Unfortunately, Webex does not support Netscape and the plugin doesn't work, causing issues when I need to collaborate with someone remotely on something using Webex. I've given up trying to report bugs and changes to the source code I send always get lost. Greg Gregory Alan Bolcer, CTO at EndeavorsCom, Endeavors Technology Inc." }, { "body": "Could you provide a more reasonable explanation of the EU-US differences according to some American journalist, as cited in a German magazine? I'm having trouble understanding this perspective. Here's my interpretation: The American public may perceive the rest of the world as a threat that needs to be defended against using power, but this is not an accurate assessment. While the US intelligence community correctly identifies threats, it's not primarily from third-world countries. Many European and other developed nations are actively involved in covert operations against American interests. This has been going on for years and isn't even news anymore. Things have escalated recently, and the US Department of Defense is displeased about this development. For better or worse, the US is also adept at playing this game, often being proxies for big players in what are commonly referred to as 'backwater wars.' To find a current list of the top intelligence threats to the US, you'll find that half the countries on that list are European. Many people are unaware of how aggressive these activities have become recently. On the other hand, Europeans are used to the peace of their cozy postwar system where external security is not an issue. They can resolve all security threats by giving money to those who threaten them or integrating them into their wealthy sphere. However, this approach has never created meaningful peace in history, and some call it extortion under any other guise. Many of the current EU-US issues can be explained by these differing perceptions such as American unilateralism, growing rejection of American policy in Europe, and the increasing irrelevance of Europe in American eyes. It seems that the US is asking for major policy advice from Europe is like asking a quack for medical advice. I don't see what's wrong with unilateralism. The author seems to imply that few Americans have traveled outside their country, but this is not accurate. Many people in the US have lived, worked, and traveled abroad at some point in their lives. Similarly, Europeans may travel less in the Western Hemisphere than Americans, but they are still not the center of the universe." }, { "body": "The passage provides an insightful analysis of Powell's perspective on the telecom industry, focusing particularly on the aftermath of the dot-com bubble. It seems that Powell acknowledges the challenges faced by companies like WorldCom and Sprint, but does not necessarily see it as the FCC's responsibility to bail them out or prevent their downfall. Instead, he emphasizes the importance of economic discipline and balanced policies. Additionally, he highlights the ongoing transformation in the communications industry, with phone companies expected to provide video service and cable companies data service, leading to more choice for consumers. However, he does not appear overly concerned about media concentration or the potential for a monolithic viewpoint in media, instead viewing diversity as a complex issue that requires nuanced understanding." }, { "body": "The FCC world is filled with speculation about Michael Powell's approach to regulating industries. Some believe he lacks decisiveness and uses grandiose discussions about the market as a delay tactic. Others suggest he favors the Arbocks and big cable companies, or is planning a political career, hence his reluctance to take action at the FCC that might jeopardize future prospects. Alternatively, it's said he prefers to wait for more consensus before acting, to avoid being caught in the crossfire between the Arbocks, cable companies, and television networks - a strategy known as the Powell Doctrine of Telecom. Another theory is that he genuinely believes in the natural, healthy, and irreversible nature of the telecommunications crash, and concentration would be beneficial. Reed Hundt, not pleased with how his Telecom Act has been implemented, told me that under a Gore administration, the FCC would behave quite differently. Consumers may have noticed this difference, but communications companies certainly have - the Arbocks are performing better against their internal rivals than they would have if Gore had won. If the Republicans win, policy will lean further in favor of the Arbocks; if they lose, their rivals (long-distance companies and telecommunications startups, now in power) may stage a comeback. Gregory Alan Bolcer, CTO at Endeavors Technology Inc, remarks that although America's present is not unrecognizably different from its past, the outcomes under the current administration are indeed significant." }, { "body": "Thank you for sharing Michael Moore's latest update about his movie 'Bowling for Columbine'. It sounds like an impactful piece of work that addresses important issues in society. Here's a summary of the message: 1. 'Bowling for Columbine' is opening this weekend in New York and Los Angeles, and Michael Moore urges everyone living in these areas to go see it. 2. The film's success in its initial release will determine whether it gets wider distribution, so it's crucial that as many people as possible support it during the first weekend. 3. The movie is expected to be provocative and controversial, and Michael Moore anticipates receiving backlash for its content. 4. For those outside of New York and Los Angeles, the film will be released in other cities soon. 5. Lastly, Michael Moore appreciates his supporters and encourages them to visit his website for more information." }, { "body": "Robert Elz, I believe Chris Garrigues is incorrect about this issue. The message change in 'msgchange' does seem to be the source of the problem, but previously typing nonsense didn't cause tracebacks. Now, it does and the traceback comes from the sequence code. In the past, such actions would have just resulted in red messages complaining about my lousy typing, which should have continued. The red part is not significant. What specific keystroke caused this issue so I can reproduce it? If I cannot resolve it, I will pass it on to Brent. Best, Chris Garrigues Vircio Congress Suite Austin, TX" }, { "body": "Robert Elz, I assume you will report this issue to the NMH team soon. After reviewing the NMH sources, I will look into what has been broken and why. However, we aim for EXMH to function with all existing versions of NMH, don't we? The patch to make EXMH behave correctly regardless of this bug is trivial, so I suggest including it. Here is the patch: ... (The patch content is not included in this response as per your request.) I have no idea why sequences were being added after the message list before; however, it shouldn't matter for NMH or MH. Since I stopped doing that, the variable 'msgs' isn't necessary anymore. Instead of assigning 'pickmsgs' to 'msgs' and then using 'msgs', the code could directly use 'pickmsgs' where 'msgs' is currently used. This change is more of a frill though; I didn't make it yet, but will fix this in CVS later today. Thanks, Chris Garrigues" }, { "body": "Recently, I've noticed that EXMH seems to be getting significantly slower. To verify my suspicion, I examined several small messages within a large folder and found that the delay between clicking the next button has increased noticeably (to msecs). Given that no changes have been made to user settings, I believe this is becoming nearly unacceptable. Does anyone on the EXMH workers mailing list have any ideas as to where the performance might have disappeared?" }, { "body": "Anders Eriksson has noticed that EXMH seems to be slowing down significantly lately. To verify his concerns, he checked the speed and found a noticeable delay in the 'next button' response time (increased by msec). Since his user settings have not changed, he believes this might be unacceptable. He suspects the added overhead of managing more sequences is likely the cause, but as he will be on vacation from Friday, he won't be able to investigate further until his return. However, if anyone can look into the issue and potentially resolve it while he is away, he encourages you to do so. His feelings won't be hurt." }, { "body": "Subject: Analysis of Delay and CPU Spike in Exmh Folders Dear Anders Eriksson, I have investigated the issue regarding the delay increase of the 'Next' button in the big folder 'msgs', specifically the delay in msec. Upon testing, I was able to navigate through messages quickly, much less than the specified time per switch. However, there seems to be a significant CPU spike for a few seconds which appears to be related to the 'wc mailfolders' section of the code. This issue is particularly annoying because it causes the system to hang or delay for a few seconds, making tasks take longer than expected to complete. I am open to analyzing the relevant code to identify the source of the CPU spike, but I would appreciate it if no one is shaking their head and muttering about a 'brown paper bag bug'. If you wish to discuss this further or provide any insights, feel free to reach out. Best regards, Valdis Kletnieks (Computer Systems Senior Engineer, Virginia Tech)" }, { "body": "I am open to reviewing the code and tracking where the CPU issue lies, provided that no one is exasperated by a 'brown paper bag' bug as I previously mentioned in my email to Anders. However, at this moment, I cannot work on it due to other priorities. If you decide to tackle it yourself, I would not be offended. Coincidentally, I have recently learned that some commitments my partner made before my vacation require my attention, making it even more difficult for me to focus on other tasks as I stated when I contacted Anders. Regarding the ExmhWorkers mailing list, I am responding from Chris Garrigues' email address at the Vircio Congress Suite in Austin, Texas." }, { "body": "Anders Eriksson, Aug 2021 I've noticed that EXMH seems to be getting slower and slower recently. I decided to verify this suspicion and indeed, performance appears to have degraded significantly since the last release. In testing with numerous small messages in a large folder (msgs), I observed an increase in delay for the 'next' button, up to msec at times. This is approaching unacceptable, as my user settings have not changed. It seems most likely that the added overhead of managing more sequences is causing the performance issue, but it can potentially be optimized. However, I will be on vacation starting this Friday and will have limited availability until then. If you would like to investigate the issue further and make any necessary fixes while I'm away, please feel free. For reference, I measured the time spent wrapping the stuff in ftocnext with a timer, so the data is accurate. One difference between my setup and Valdis's trace is that I use the address book, which I've been doing for years without issue. However, it does not appear to be the culprit. Is there a way to configure the log to print time with higher granularity? Regards, Chris (Exmh workers mailing list)" }, { "body": "I have observed a delay with the 'Next' button on several small messages within a large folder named 'msgs'. The delay has increased to latest msec and I am not experiencing any hit on the 'Next' button. A quick tap on 'Next' and checking wall clock indicated that it takes under seconds to go through messages, which is well below the per-switch limit. However, there seems to be a significant CPU spike for a few seconds in the 'flist' code, particularly related to 'wc mailfolders'. I have folders running with 'bgproc' set to 'flist minute', and while I notice delays (though they tend to disappear these days), they are not as severe as this CPU spike. This observation is made on the Braexmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Anders Eriksson, Tuesday, August , Just one more info: I have measured the time spent wrapping the stuff in ftocnext and the data is for real. One difference between my and Valdis setup, judging from his trace, seems to be that I use the address book. I've been doing that for ages, so that can't be the problem, assuming it's my fault (which it probably is since nobody else has really been in there). It's most likely related to the number of sequences in a folder. I guess that something is either being called that should not be or is being called more times than it should be. Is there a way to get the log to print time with higher granularity? Not that I am aware of. If you look in the code, there are various places where the time function is called in order to see how long it took to do things; you'll probably want to borrow that technique. Chris Garrigues, Congress Suite, Austin, TX, World War - The Wrongdoers vs The Evildoers Application. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I've completed the task and also removed the 'msgs' variable, as I believe simplicity is key. I spent a considerable amount of time clearing up the clutter in EXMH while working on the Sequences window. A big thank you for your willingness to jump into the deep end and get very messy. The sequence management code, being one of the oldest in EXMH, has undoubtedly been affected by numerous features added over the years. Once it stabilizes, it will provide a great reason for a new release. Best regards, Brent Welch, Software Architect at Panasas Inc. Working on pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "Chris Garrigues, I need to know which specific keystroke sequence caused the issue so that I can reproduce it and attempt to fix it. If I am unable to do so, I will pass it on to Brent. You don't need to worry too much about this as you have other pressing matters to attend to in the near future. This problem doesn't seem to critically affect the normal use of the code. To reproduce the issue, type any digit as if it were a message number, then backspace to remove it, and then enter some other junk characters. It seems that only this sequence of events causes the problem I am experiencing. Once in this state, the same traceback occurs for every character typed until a message is selected with the mouse. Given its reproducibility, I believe it should be relatively easy to find and fix. I will look into it later." }, { "body": "You can duplicate this issue by typing with normal key bindings any digit, then backspace so the digit goes away. The code seems to be confused when trying to add or remove a message from a sequence. If we assume or higher level which we can't really do, we could use if string is integer selectsel bail out of message select mode to the selecttypein procedure. If regexp selectsel works, it might also solve the issue. Robert Elz mentioned that he experienced this on Aug 1st and Chris Garrigues needs to know what keystroke made it happen so it can be reproduced. I will look into it later, but if I can't find a solution, I will hand it off to Brent. Don't worry too much about it as there are other important tasks that need your immediate attention and this issue isn't critical enough for people to not use the code in normal ways. This seems like an easy problem to fix." }, { "body": "I believe that a single select entry field is used for selecting messages and navigating between folders. Restricting the entries to be numeric could potentially disrupt the folder switching functionality, wouldn't it? In my version of msgchange, I have an initial check if msgid allows null msgid from msgshowwhat which supplies a line instead, if msgid returns as not a number, it exits the procedure at the start. It seems that msgchange should validate a msgid as a number before continuing. If the sequence parser, which understands commands like 'to' meaning messages through, is confused when asked to add or remove messages from a sequence, we could add an exit from message select mode to the selecttypein procedure. We can probably survive with an exit if regexp finds 'selectsel', instead of just 'selectsel'. Robert Elz mentioned that a specific keystroke might have triggered this issue. If you can reproduce it, please let me know so I can investigate further. I'll see what I can do about it or, if necessary, I'll hand it off to Brent. He is the software architect at Panasas Inc., pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network. This issue doesn't seem critical enough to halt normal usage of the code but to reproduce it, you can try typing a digit as if selecting a message number, then backspace so the digit goes away, followed by other junk characters. I haven't found any problem with non-numeric characters, just the sequence described above. Once you get into that state, the same traceback occurs for every character you type until a message is selected with the mouse. This issue seems relatively easy to find and fix, so I'll look into it later." }, { "body": "Dear Brent Welch, If we are permitted to make assumptions about which we cannot really, then we could potentially enhance the selecttypein procedure. I had a look at modifying it, but the code is quite general with minimal understanding of what anything represents, so I didn't believe adding knowledge of the semantics of what it is fetching would be ideal. I ran out of time last night while searching for a more appropriate location for a similar check. Instead of directly using regexp, I would have gone there. However, I am not fully updated with all the latest TCL changes and I'm unsure if I will have time today. But I will continue my search and keep you posted. Regards, " }, { "body": "I have some patches that seem to resolve a problem which occurs when main power fails, leaving only the laptop and its battery supply operational. Initially, I put in defensive code into the area where the issue was occurring, so if EXMH is attempting for any reason to expand a sequence that isn't either a number or a range of numbers or a list of such things, it will simply ignore the trash rather than giving a traceback. This solves the initial problem. The amended procedure 'mhseqexpand', where the error was occurring before, now assumes that 'range' is either 'nnn' or 'nnnmmm'. We should probably ensure this is true and issue an error instead of just continuing if you prefer, but I don't think an error is necessary. However, this allowed me to create a similar problem in another place by typing 'nnn' and rather than continue fighting fires like this, I thought I should think more about Brent's suggestion. Instead of validating the input directly, which would mean it would have to know what is valid, I decided that the right thing to do was just to ignore any errors caused by invalid input. I achieved this by putting a 'catch' around the msgshow that is processing the nonsense that the user has typed. This way, any later expansion to what msgshow treats as legal can be handled without someone needing to remember to fix the selection processing code to allow it. While I was working there, I noticed something I never knew before - if you type 'changes' for each, that is bound to a different function so it can be used as a toggle between changing the current and the target folder, but it has to mean something if the current input mode is a message number. So let it mean something, but now I found it, I think it's nice. However, if we can type 'why not' as well, that kind of limitation bugs me, so I fixed it and then I wondered about folders with names containing the special use of 'as' the toggle character means there's no way to type those from the keyboard, so I fixed that as well. This removes two different restrictions - there's no way to type a folder name that has a name beginning with 'b', such a thing in mh would be a pain to use anyway, so I doubt this will bother anyone. It is now only possible to toggle between typing the current target folder name when the name being typed is empty. I am less happy about that part but I think I can live with it. In order to allow folder names with 's' in them to exist and be typed, I decided to do something about another feature that has always bugged me - in normal keyboard mode, 's' is the key used to show a message, but if you've just typed 'and' and the FTOC is highlighting as the current message, and you want to now show that message, you can't type 's', you have to type 'r' instead. I fixed this one as well. Here are the changes: (the patch follows) I believe if you apply these changes then the previous one may not be needed anymore." }, { "body": "I discovered something new while playing at Robert Elz's, which I was previously unaware of. Incidentally, I am aware of the distinction between 'new' and 'knew', but my typing skills aren't always up to par (I meant 'know'). Regards, Exmhworkers mailing list" }, { "body": "It appears that you were incorrect about how MH functioned here, a common occurrence. The 'seq switch' seems to have always operated as 'nolist', requiring a subsequent 'list' command to activate it again. In truth, I'm unsure how the pick code ever worked within the system and it might not have functioned as intended at all. While browsing sources, it seems they are attempting tasks that I never witnessed. It could be that your new sequence method brought to light a bug that had been there all along. Consequently, I will not be submitting any bug reports to the NMH team unless NMH shows further progress and if I recall this incident. If I remember, I might submit a change request for the code to modify the change which, from what I can tell, would be quite straightforward." }, { "body": "Dear Robert Elz, it seems that your new sequence method may have uncovered a bug that has been present all along. This is what the past few months of EXMH hacking have been about for me. I've now stabilized everything quite well for my paid job, so I'll likely investigate performance issues with sequences, but due to my departure in less than hours, I won't be able to email any changes I find. Instead, I'll keep notes for future reference. I'm currently at the Congress Suite in Austin, TX, and we're discussing the World War - The Wrongdoers vs The Evildoers application. Regards, Chris Garrigues" }, { "body": "Hello Chris Garrigues, I'll likely investigate the performance issues with the sequences today. There's a useful piece of code in mhseqexpand hack that filters out sequence numbers for messages that don't exist. Here's how it works: foreach m rseq, if file exists mhprofilepathfolderm exmhdebug, if mhprofilepathfolderm is not found, set ix, lsearch seq, and replace seq at ix with ix. If the file does exist, it performs a slow check if a sequence happens to start with a bunch of messages that don't exist. I'm not entirely sure why it's crucial for the first message in the sequence returned to exist, but not necessarily any others. However, I appreciate this feature as mhseqexpand is frequently called, and I'm unsure if I could manage if it were checking every file in the sequences all the time. It might be beneficial to maintain a list of valid message numbers for the current folder, though this would need to be verified against changes to the directory. Tcl has a directory read function, so maintaining such a list should be feasible. Mhsequence also goes and rereads the files mhsequences and the context file, but I'm not sure how frequently that one is called. I'll email you any findings before I leave town in less than hours. Have a great vacation! Regards, " }, { "body": "Robert Elz informs that there is an issue with the performance of the sequences in the MHSeqExpand hack. The code, which removes sequence numbers for messages that do not exist, may run slowly if a sequence includes a large number of such non-existent messages. Although it is unclear why the existence of the first message in the sequence is important, Robert is grateful that this is the case as MHSeqExpand is called frequently. He suggests keeping a list of valid message numbers for the current folder to speed up the process. However, this would require verification against changes to the directory. TCL has a directory read function, and it seems that MhSequence also re-reads the files in the sequences, but it's unclear how frequently this happens. Robert believes that ftocshowsequences may be called too often and plans to investigate. He will email any findings before leaving town in less than hours. He is currently at Vircio Congress Suite, Austin, TX. Regarding the application 'World War: The wrongdoers vs the evildoers', he has attached his PGP signature for verification." }, { "body": "Subject: Performance issue with EXMH Dear Chris Garrigues, I've noticed that EXMH seems to be getting slower over time. To verify my observation, I checked the speed and unfortunately, it appears that performance has indeed decreased since the last release. I examined a number of small messages within a large folder 'msgs', and observed an increase in delay for the 'next' button (in msec). Frankly, this is getting close to unacceptable as my user settings have not changed. I believe there might be some performance issues. Here's a potential fix that I think could make a significant difference: - The function ftocshowsequences should be able to be called with an optional list of msgids to update, and if it is called this way, it only removes or adds tags for those specific messages. - In places like msgchange, we should only update the messages which have changed. - Additionally, a separate ftocshowsequence function that only updates the display of one sequence (taking an optional list of msgids) should be written. This would reduce the need to update the entire sequence in places like msgchange if nobody else gets to it first. I plan to implement this fix when I return. Looking forward to your thoughts. Best, Anders Eriksson" }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I will likely investigate the performance issues with the sequences. There is a useful piece of code in mhseqexpand called 'hack to weed out sequence numbers for messages that don't exist'. For each message represented by `m` and `rseq`, if the file `mhprofilepathfolderm exmhdebug` exists, it will run smoothly. However, if not found, a search is performed using `lsearch seq m`. If the searched sequence number does not exist in the current folder, the hack is applied (please note that this operation might run slowly if a sequence happens to start with a bunch of messages that don't exist). I am not entirely sure why it is crucial for the first message in the sequence returned to exist while it isn't necessary for others. However, I believe it benefits mhseqexpand as it gets called frequently and I am unsure if I could handle it checking every file in the sequences constantly. My recollection about the first message being valid is that the ftoc code wants to find that message to start its highlighting or when you select a message to display. It may be helpful to maintain a list of the valid message numbers for the current folder, but this would need to be verified against changes to the directory. Tcl does have a directory read function (glob nocomplain), and `mhprofilepathfolder` will return an unsorted list of the directory's contents. However, keeping an in-memory list of valid messages is not appealing. Exmh already maintains in-core lists of messages in sequences, which can be challenging enough. Exmh also goes and re-reads the files `mhsequences` and the context file but I'm not sure how often that one is called (it varies depending on places). In some places where I maintain caches of files by checking their modify time, it seems unnecessary to stat them to check their date stamp since they can be read again so quickly. Lastly, now that we checkpoint message state on every message view, the file will change every time. In the old days, Exmh used to cache a bunch of state about the folder but I am not certain how often Brent Welch (Software Architect at Panasas Inc., pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network) updates it on the exmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Brent Welch wrote on Wednesday, August , regarding the MHSEQUENCES files. He mentioned that he rereads these files and the context file, but is unsure of how frequently they are called in certain places. He maintains caches of files by checking their modify time, however, due to the small size of sequence files, it might be quicker to simply re-read them instead of checking their date stamp. Brent added a modify time check, believing it would make an improvement as the sequences are being read more frequently in the new code. However, he suggests that even with a small file, the time taken to do a file mtime filename check could be worthwhile. The discussion took place on the exmhworkers mailing list under the subject 'The wrongdoers vs the evildoers' application - pgpsignature - gnupg - gnulinux - exmh version wxvl - end pgp signature.' " }, { "body": "I have used the 'checkthemodifytime cache trick' for files in various places, not just exmh. Part of me believes it is effective; however, I have been contemplating that if we perform checkpoint state, aren't we modifying the sequences file for the current folder every time a message is read? Perhaps we look at the sequences file more than once per message view, just idle speculation. We could insert time calls to determine the cost. Someone raised the question about increasing the time resolution in the exmh log, and it could be made conditional on available TCL support. For instance, TCL has had high-resolution timers like gettimeofday and clock clicks, but we have calibrated clock clicks values to microseconds, which is still only useful for relative times. However, each call to exmhlog could emit the microsecond delta since the last log record, considering all the overhead of taking the log record. I will try it out. Additionally, 'mhsequence' also goes and rereads the files (mhsequences and context file), but I am unsure how frequently that one is called. In some places, I maintain caches of files by checking their modify time; however, since the sequence files are so small, by the time you stat them to check their date stamp, you could just read them again. Do you think this is true? I added a modify time check in hopes of making an improvement, as we were reading it more times in the new code because we were trying to use the sequences more often. However, even with a small file, I believe the time taken to do a file mtime filename would be worth it. My code is in proc mhreadseqs." }, { "body": "I have used the 'check-the-modify-time cache trick' for files in many places, not just exmh. Although I believe it is effective, I recently considered that when we checkpoint state, aren't we modifying the sequences file for the current folder on every message read? We may be looking at the sequences file more than once per message view. This was something I had written the code for a few months ago when we were reading the sequences file first to see what sequences were in it and then, once per sequence. This happens particularly in 'ftocshowsequences'. It seems like an obvious loss of performance, but I wanted my abstraction to have a separate call for what sequences are in this folder and what messages are in this sequence. One option would have been to add another call to get the data off of disk, but I felt that the 'check-the-modify-time' technique would be less error-prone. The biggest gains would be from augmenting 'ftocshowsequences' to allow a finer specification of what needs to be updated in the ftoc so that the current code would only be run when we really do have to update all sequences for all messages. I discussed these thoughts in an email message yesterday, and if it can wait a few weeks, I am willing to do it." }, { "body": "Chris Garrigues and Brent Welch, on Wednesday, August well, I've utilized the 'checkthemodifytime' cache trick for files in various places beyond just exmh. While a part of me believes it to be effective, I pondered that if we perform checkpoint state, aren't we modifying the sequences file for the current folder on every message read? This led me to consider that we might be looking at the sequences file more than once per message view. Since I wrote the code a few months ago, we were reading the sequences file first to see what sequences were in it and then, on a per-sequence basis, this process seems to be an obvious loss of performance. However, I wanted my abstraction to have a separate call for what sequences are in this folder and what messages are in this sequence. One option would have been to add another call to get the data off of disk, but I felt that the 'checkthemodifytime' technique would be less error-prone. I like the 'checkthemodifytime' technique and believe the biggest gains would be from augmenting ftocshowsequences to allow a finer specification of what needs to be updated in the ftoc, so that the current code would only be run when we really do have to update all sequences for all messages. I expressed these thoughts in an email message yesterday. If it can wait a few weeks, I'm willing to do it. I haven't yet delved into the latest round of changes, but I plan to. I can't guarantee any progress, but I may dabble. Thanks again for all your work in this area. Generalized sequence support has been on my to-do list for about years - Brent Welch, Software Architect, Panasas Inc." }, { "body": "Hi Clemens, I'm having trouble checking the GnuPG signatures on your messages. Every time I try to check a line, it shows that the signature was made on Thu Aug MDT using a DSA key ID, but I can't seem to find the public key as it's not found. It seems there might be something else missing. I am certain that I have the public key of the message signature, but if I don't, please try downloading it or check a signature from which you know you have the public key. Previously, GnuPG would pause to get the public key from a keyserver, but now I get a failure message even though I have supposedly fixed the path. It appears as if it can't execute gpg, but there must be something else that I am missing. Regards, Ex-Mailing List Admin" }, { "body": "Dear Frommholz, It appears that you are having trouble checking the GnuPG signature on your messages due to a missing public key. To resolve this issue, I recommend ensuring that you have downloaded or obtained the correct public key for the message signature. If you need help with obtaining the public key, please let me know and I'd be happy to guide you through the process. Additionally, if you have access to a signature where you are certain of having the corresponding public key, that could serve as a useful reference. Regarding your request for my PGP public keys, they can be found on my homepage. Best regards, Ingo Frommholz" }, { "body": "If you haven't done so already, please enable the debug log under hacking support preferences and look for clues there. Specifically, search for 'Clemens' in messages with GnuPG signatures. However, when attempting to verify the signature, I always get a message saying 'Signature made Thu Aug MDT using DSA key ID BDD'. Since I can't find the public key, it seems that something else is missing. Are you sure that you have the public key of the signature you want to check? If not, please try downloading it or verify a signature from where you are certain you have the public key. I apologize for any confusion, but I should have made that clearer earlier. Previously, GnuPG might have paused briefly to retrieve the public key from a keyserver; now, whether I have the key or not, I get a failure message, which suggests that it can't find gpg to execute it. However, I have checked and fixed the path, so there must be something else that I am missing. Regarding the ExmHusers mailing list, Brent Welch (Software Architect at Panasas Inc), pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "The email discusses issues encountered with the Tcl parser in EXMH, a mail user agent. The change, which includes bytecode compilation and stricter initialization parsing, seems to cause confusion when comments are placed where patterns or switches are expected. This confusion arises due to extra whitespace and newlines. The user has found an example where this change affects the correct parsing of EXMH in emxh, but is unaware of the PGP support in emxh. They suggest digging into the issue themselves or checking if others on the EXMH mailing list or users are experiencing similar problems. The user also mentions enabling the debug log under hacking support preferences for potential clues. Another issue reported is that, when trying to check a GnuPG signature, a failure message appears even though they have the key. They're unsure about the public key of the signature they want to check and suggest downloading it or checking a signature from which they know they have the public key. Lastly, there seems to be a new query box asking whether to query the keyserver after a failure to find the public key on the keyring. This was not present before, but now appears even when running either GnuPG or emxh. The user expresses confusion about this change and how it could be causing the problem as they never had to touch the query keyserver button in the past. They also mention a previous issue with Tcltk in EXMH that might be related." }, { "body": "It sounds like you're having trouble reconfiguring Procmail and Exmh after moving your incoming mail or spool location. Here are a few steps you might want to consider: 1. Update the 'bgspool' variable in your Exmhdefaults file if it wasn't edited earlier. This variable indicates the location of the spool for Exmh. However, remember that the warning not to edit these lines in the file may not apply to this specific case. 2. Configure Procmail to read mail from the new location. You can do this by modifying your .procmailrc file. This file is typically located in your home directory and it tells Procmail what to do with incoming mail. Here's a basic example of how you might set it up: ``` MAILDIR=$HOME/mail DEFAULT=$MAILDIR/inbox ``` 3. In the .procmailrc file, you should have rules that pipe the mail to Exmh's rcvstore command. For example: ``` :0: | /usr/bin/exmh -r ``` 4. After making these changes, save the .procmailrc file and test it by sending a new email or running Procmail manually with the 'procmail -m' command. If everything is set up correctly, your mail should start appearing in the correct folders under the new location. Good luck with your setup! If you encounter any more issues, don't hesitate to ask for further help." }, { "body": "The email appears to describe a problem with moving an incoming mail or spool location and needing to reconfigure Procmail, Vstore, and Exmh to accept mail from the new location. The question is about how to feed Procmail without using a forward ID and where the mail enters the system (possibly via Fetchmail, direct SMTP delivery, or simply hitting the spool). The sender also mentions that they use GnuPG for signing emails." }, { "body": "Is there a method to execute a global sort command? I prefer to organize my emails by date, with the latest messages appearing first in each folder as it helps me identify the importance of older messages more easily. However, this process seems to arrange messages incorrectly within other folders when finished. Ideally, after modifying any folders, they would be rearranged automatically from most recent to oldest. This pertains to the Rickexmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "On Monday, September PDT, Rick Baartman, regarding your request to perform a global sort command, I'd be happy to help. You specifically would like to sort by date within every folder, from most recent to oldest, as this direction seems more efficient for you. However, when you sort one folder, the order of messages gets mixed up in other folders upon completion. This is unexpected behavior since sorting one folder should not affect others. To clarify, how does modifying the order of messages within a single folder cause a change to other folders' contents? For the 'tom ex-husband' mailing list, I believe we use a similar command for sorting by date." }, { "body": "I am unable to comprehend how moving messages from one folder results in them being added to other folders. I apologize for any confusion, as I was transferring messages from my inbox to different folders, and since I am doing it from the most recent to oldest, they appear in those folders in reverse order and need re-sorting. This is regarding the RickExMhuUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I apologize for any confusion earlier. I'm moving messages from my inbox to other folders, but due to organizing them from most recent to oldest, they appear in the incorrect order and require reordering. However, EXMH doesn't seem to support that directly; you can do it on the command line using a shell script like 'for f in folders do echo sorting f sortm f done', but it might take a while. At work, I'm required to use Outlook, which I dislike, but it does offer some advantages, such as creating indices for each folder based on sender, message size, subject, allowing for instant sorting by any column. This functionality might also be possible with an IMAP-compliant reader if the IMAP server maintains such indices. However, I've come to terms with the fact that EXMH may not meet certain industry standards. It serves my personal mail needs; my mail server runs Unix, and I connect over SSH while tunneling my X traffic over SSH with a slow link, which makes EXMH quite slow and its mime handling less efficient compared to modern mailers. I've been using MH or NMH since, and EXMH for many years now." }, { "body": "Hello, In response to your query about sorting folders globally within EXMH (Elm Mailer for X), I'd like to inform you that EXMH does not have a built-in widget for global sorting. However, you can accomplish this using command-line tools. Here's a step-by-step guide: 1. Open a shell. 2. Navigate to your home directory with the 'cd' command (e.g., 'cd ~'). 3. Use the recursive find command 'c for f in folders recurse fast' to list all of your folders. 4. Run the 'sortm' command on each folder, which will sort the contents of that specific folder. The 'find' command with 'recurse fast' option prints out a list of all your folders, and the 'sortm' command sorts a particular folder. I hope this helps! Regards, Jacob Morzinski (EXMH Users Mailing List)" }, { "body": "I have come to terms with the reality that exmh is lagging behind some industry standards, as it is currently only used for my personal emails. My mail server runs on Unix, and I connect via SSH while tunneling my X traffic over SSH with a slow link, which significantly slows down exmh and its MIME handling capabilities are quite inferior compared to modern mail clients. I would like to share an opinion here if it is permitted: I began using Linux around 15-20 years ago as a rebellion against what the university was doing with Windows, struggling to get good support and relying heavily on Unix-based tools even in Windows. Switching to Linux gave me the convenience of using a shell and SSH to connect to my office box from just about anywhere while using either exmh or nmh from the command line, making it relatively easy for me to manage office emails. I haven't found any other tools that offer the same functionality yet, but I must admit that some of the web-based mail software is getting quite close. Although their quoting and such functions are still primitive, they seem to be progressing." }, { "body": "Subject: Global Sort Command for EXMH Hi Rick Baartman, I hope this message finds you well. I understand that you're looking to perform a global sort command in EXMH, but it might not be common and I would be surprised if there's a built-in widget for it. However, you can achieve what you want using the command line mh tools. Here's a suggestion: From a shell (sh): for f in `exmh -l | grep folders` do sortm $f done This command will sort each folder individually and 'exmh -l | grep folders' prints out a list of all your folders. The command 'sortm' sorts a particular folder. I hope this helps. If you know any Tcl or are familiar with EXMH users mailing list, you might find a way to attach this command to the sorting menu. Best regards, Tom and Jacob" }, { "body": "Dear Tom and Jacob, Thank you for your efforts on the above task. However, I encountered an issue when attempting to make changes outside of the xmhcache files as they don't get updated automatically. This could be potentially dangerous since I have to manually rescan each folder I enter. Is there a safeguard available for this issue in the Rickexmhu users mailing list?" }, { "body": "For the given command, here's a rephrased explanation: The command 'sh c for f in folders recurse fast do sortm f done' is used to iterate through all files within folders recursively and sort them. This works fine, but I wanted to clarify that the double quotes around the backticks (`sh`) are specific to my shell version. If your shell doesn't require these double quotes, you can safely omit them. The main reason I included them is because I have some folders with pathologically named files, including those whose names contain spaces. If all your folder names are safe and don't require special quoting, you won't need it. This is just a precautionary measure. Hope this helps clarify the command usage! Best, Tom and Jacob" }, { "body": "On Monday, September (Date), Rick Baartman wrote about a risky issue concerning the 'rick' folder. He mentioned that each time he enters this folder, he needs to remember to rescan it. Is there any safeguard for this issue? Unfortunately, there isn't one currently available. However, I suggest regenerating the cache in the script as a potential workaround. For all folders starting with 'fast', 'rdo', 'echo sorting', 'sortm', and 'fscan', execute the following steps: mhpath (folder path), xmhcache (folder name), and then 'done'. This applies to user mailing lists." }, { "body": "I suspect that as part of Chris's changes, he cleaned up the use of a variable named 'l' in ftoccommit within ftoctcl. However, there is one remaining reference to 'l' that causes tracebacks if you attempt to use 'link' with the current CVS version of exmhi. I noticed this issue last week but only had time to look into it today. If someone with commit access to the CVS repository could apply the following patch to libftoctcl, it would be much appreciated. The patch works and is trivial. It only involves changing one instance of 'l' in the file to 'textplain name'. Here is the patch attachment with filename and date information. The relevant code change is as follows: incr ftocnummsgs else ftocunmarkinner lftocunmarkinner lineno incr ftocchanged if delmsgs exmhusers mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear all, I suspect that as part of Chris' set of changes, he cleaned up the use of the variable named 'l' in ftoccommit in ftoctcl. Its name was changed from 'l' to 'lineno'. However, there seems to be one remaining reference of 'l' which causes tracebacks if you attempt to use 'link' with the current CVS version of exmh. I noticed this issue last week but only had time to look into it today. If someone with commit access to the CVS repository could apply the following patch to libftoctcl, that would be nice. It works and is trivial. The change should only occur once in the file: replace 'l' with 'lineno'. Here's an example of where it needs to be changed: from: ftocunmarkinner l to: ftocunmarkinner lineno Applying this change directly, instead of saving a patch and applying it, might be faster. Regards, Robert Elz" }, { "body": "This is a multi-part message in MIME format. The text is encoded in US-ASCII. On Mon Sep CDT, you'll need to scan mhpath fxmhcache (if something else hasn't changed the context in the background). It doesn't hurt to explicitly state the scan of mhpath fxmhcache. Cheers Regarding the IBM keyboards I have, when using them to 'beat' lusers, the caps come off the keys. This causes no real damage but is still a nuisance." }, { "body": "On Monday, September 7th, at work I find myself using Outlook and it's a real pain. At our workplace, people who use Outlook are literally escorted out of the building, their badge confiscated, and told to return the next day to collect their office contents. However, there are a few things that Outlook does right: it creates indices for each folder, not just by date but also by sender, message size, and subject. This allows me to sort by any column instantly. I have been investigating the use of a custom sequences file, but I find the MIME handling to be inferior compared to modern mailers. The only thing I miss in this regard is support for S/MIME." }, { "body": "Dear Tom Reingold, I apologize for my previous email about Outlook. I understand that it has some useful features like creating indices for each folder based on sender, message size, subject, and allowing instant sorting by any column. However, our organization strictly enforces its use due to security concerns. Employees who disregard this rule are terminated, their badges confiscated, and they are escorted out of the building. Regarding your inquiry about custom sequences files, I am already familiar with them but could not find a way to create indices with them or keep them up to date. As for MIME handling, it seems to be less effective compared to modern mailers, and the only feature I miss in this regard is support for S/MIME. It appears you are running Exmh on a local machine, but in my current scenario, the mime handling is weak due to the remote nature of the machine. I am part of the exmhusers mailing list, and I believe there might be discussions about improving MIME handling in Exmh. It would be great if we could collaborate on this issue. Best, JC Lawrence" }, { "body": "Dear Tom, It appears that Outlook, the email client we use at our organization, has been likened to soliciting blood transfusions from random strangers on the street. In essence, this comparison signifies that it is a 'virus magnet'. This description stems from its susceptibility to viruses and malware. Essentially, users who are careless with their Outlook usage may inadvertently compromise our organization's security. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Tom Reingold, We terminate employees who utilize Outlook because it poses a significant threat to our organization. Outlook can place our corporate network and data at risk due to an alarmingly high number of exploits, with more being regularly discovered. An exploited system compromises other corporate systems, customer systems, our company's reputation, and liability with customers, as well as putting proprietary corporate data at risk. Moreover, users cannot be trusted to use Outlook safely. Therefore, using Outlook is considered anywhere between criminal negligence and deliberate malice by the employer. Regarding your question about custom sequences, I do use them, but creating indices with them and keeping them up-to-date requires the use of a cron job. As for maintaining support for S/MIME, you may be running EXMH on a local machine. In this scenario, the MIME handling is weak. However, when running EXMH on my desktop machines at home and work, I display the resulting EXMH windows on both desktops using SSH forwarding. Best, J C Lawrence" }, { "body": "Hello Hal Devore, I am reorganizing your previous email for better understanding: Subject: Safeguard and Script Modifications This email is regarding the issue you've mentioned about having to remember to rescan each 'Rick' folder you enter. Currently, there seems to be no safeguard for this. Regarding your script for regenerating the cache in the script for 'f' in folders fast, here's how it works: for f in folders fast do echo sorting f sortm f scan mhpath fxmhcache done This little script you run nightly from cron does a general tidying of things, including sorting and updating the cache. Although I didn't write it, it's been working well for years. I run a similar one to update the 'Glimpse' indices nightly. Sincerely, Kevin Oberman (Network Engineer, Energy Sciences Network, Ernest Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) Attachment: filenameswasort (bintcsh script) sorts all folders. We don't want to sort the 'drafts' folder and the 'mailglimpse' default field to sort : date (default scan width : set mhdirusrlocalnmhbin, mailhome: obermanmail, update mailfolders: mhdirfolders fast, recurse all mailfolders thru all folders. foreach i cat mailfolders grep v glim grep v drafts sort the stuff mhdirmhsortm i datefield date devnull and update the cache mhdirscan i width mailixmhcache end exmhusers mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear James Gibbon, Tom Reingold, On Tuesday, September, we discussed the potential threat that Outlook poses to our organization. It has been described as being similar to soliciting blood transfusions from strangers in the street due to its tendency to attract viruses. You are correct in your assessment of this matter. The EXMHUSERS mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you are running EXMH on a local machine, while I run it on a very remote one. In your case, the MIME handling seems weak. However, I run EXMH on my home and work desktops, with the resulting windows being displayed on both. This is made possible by SSH forwarding. I frequently use EXMH from home broadband using an Xwindows client tunneled through SSH under Windows XP, which works quite well in this manner. For your information, I also use Eudora under Windows because it's less susceptible to viruses. There are additional reasons why I run Windows, but that's rather off-topic and I should refrain from discussing them. This was sent to the EXMH users mailing list." }, { "body": "There has been an update to the 'Scan Caches' menu entry, which rescan your folders similar to the shared scripts. It runs in the background. However, there seems to be a problem with this update: modifications made outside of the xmhcache files do not get updated. This can be dangerous as I have to remember to manually rescan each folder I enter. Is there a solution or safeguard to prevent this issue? Regards, Rick Baartman. Note: This was posted on the exmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "This email is sent from multiple locations - home and work, using an Exmh client with windows displayed on both desktops. At present, I manually rescan the folder whenever I switch between machines. However, what I would prefer is some automation to perform this task for me. This message was initially read and replied to while at work using an Exmh instance running on my home machine. Best regards." }, { "body": "Thank you for clarifying the situation. I have applied global sort and JC Lawrence's rescan, but there still exists a vulnerability. If an instance of exmh is running while I am visiting a folder, the new correct xmhcache will be overwritten with an incorrect one when switching folders. However, I can schedule the sort and rescan process using cron and ensure to kill any running exmhs first. Ideally, a 'Global Sort' and 'Update All Scan Caches' button in the more menu of exmh would be beneficial. Rick Brent (Brent Welch) mentioned on Tuesday that there is an 'Update All Scan Caches' menu entry which rescans folders similar to the short scripts shared around, and this function runs in the background for exmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, September , I wanted to share my experience with using exmh on both my home and work desktops. I have two instances of exmh running simultaneously, one at each location. SSH forwarding allows me to read and respond to messages from either machine while working remotely. A convenient feature is that the second instance changes the background color of the message pane from black to darkslategray, providing a visual cue between the two screens. I'd love some automation to automatically rescan the folder using flist, which I currently do manually when switching machines. Incidentally, I found your mention of 'Satan oscillate my metallic sonatas' quite intriguing in the exmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "I use exmh on both my home and work desktops, with SSH forwarding to display the windows on both. Interestingly, I responded to your message using an exmh instance running on my home machine while I was at work. As another solution, I have two instances of exmh - one at work and one at home. These are displayed on a virtual X server created by vncserver on the homebox. I connect to this virtual X server using vncviewer from wherever I am. The VNC connection is tunneled over SSH and carried over the internet via an IPsec appliance. This setup allows me to access both my home and work email from either location without the complexities of having two instances of exmh working on the same set of folders. Viewing work email when I'm at work is a bit slow, but it's not so bad that I cannot manage." }, { "body": "I'm forwarding this email to the exmhworkers list as I'm not very familiar with the different PGP interfaces. It seems there has been some discussion about issues with the latest version of gpg-hacksaw on Linux Habitrailhomefoolserrantcom SMP THU Sep EDT (unknown TK TCL). It's not clear if this is a bug with exmh itself, but it appears to be something that manifests through exmh. When I receive a GPG encrypted message, it asks for a passphrase. Initially, it tries to ask me via the tty under which exmh is running and tells me my passphrase is incorrect every time. At this point, exmh offers me the line in the message about decrypting. I click the line and it offers me the dialog box and tells me the passphrase is correct and shows me the decrypted message. Any thoughts or ideas on this issue? Brent Welch - Software Architect at Panasas Inc, pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "To troubleshoot this issue, it is suggested to enable the debug log for hacking support in the log preferences. This will help in tracking the GPG commands being issued and the responses. You can do this using Exmh and GPG. I don't have issues with sending encrypted messages to myself, however, I noticed that when I select a message, an xterm window pops up asking for the passphrase. I don't remember if Exmh has ever asked me for the passphrase from the TTY that started Exmh or from any dialog box. However, as I'm not a heavy GPG user, I might have missed something. Since there have been discussions about issues with the latest version of GPG (Hacksaw), I thought it best to seek help here. When I receive a GPG encrypted message and it asks for a passphrase, it first tries to ask me via the TTY under which Exmh is running. It tells me that my passphrase is incorrect every time. At this point, Exmh offers me the line in the message about decrypting. I click the line and it offers me the dialog box and tells me the passphrase is correct and shows me the decrypted message. Any suggestions on this matter would be greatly appreciated." }, { "body": "I'm experiencing an issue with GPG encrypted messages using Exmh. When I receive a message that requires a passphrase, it initially fails to set keyboard focus when the dialog box appears. This prevents me from entering the passphrase. Pressing Return doesn't work either, and I need to click the 'OK' box before it asks again with proper focus. It seems like some variable or code path is getting corrupted for the focus, possibly due to an issue with tty or statusfd flags to the application. This problem also occurs occasionally when sending signed messages, where the dialog box appears but fails to get keyboard focus." }, { "body": "I'm curious about the GPG config and message headers within exmhexmhdefaults, as well as the content of the offending message that seems to be causing issues with nmhexmh. My setup is functioning fine, as I receive a popup window to enter my passphrase and the message displays correctly after I input it correctly. However, when the passphrase is incorrect, the tty under which exmh is running reports an error. After this, exmh offers a line for decryption, I click it, and a dialog box appears stating that the passphrase is correct and shows me the decrypted message. It's unclear to me whether this is a bug with exmh specifically or if it's something that manifests through exmh. I think there might have been discussions about problems with the latest version of gpg-hacksaw on Linux Habitat Rail Home Fool Serrant Com. SMP, THU SEP EDT UNKNOWN TK TCL. It's not clear if this is an issue with exmh per se, but it seems to be something that appears when using exmh. Any insights on this matter would be greatly appreciated. I am cc'ing the exmhworkers list because I don't know much about various PGP interfaces." }, { "body": "Here is a message that works with exmh version using gpg test textxpgp format, mime xactionencrypt. It appears your content type of textplain might be causing issues in your configuration. Your setup looks remarkably similar to mine. Cheers for Hacksaw on September! Regarding the issues you are facing, your email's textplain charset is us-ascii, discussion is XXXXXXXX, Tue Sep EDT, persistent mode is none, and the keys are stored at hkp: keyserver.pgpcom. Your exec command for gnupg is echo can't find id tmp, exmh version is usr/lib/gnupg, encryption algorithms used are skipjack, idea, rsa, zip, and you are subscribed to the exmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears that you are experiencing an issue with TVTWM where the text you copy into your mouse buffer and attempt to paste into the Exmh input window does not appear at the expected location. Instead, it often inserts at a seemingly random position within the text pane. The text insertion point is usually not where you believe the current flashing cursor is. Additionally, you mentioned that any ':' characters are typically removed from the pasted text and it often isn't even at the beginning of a line, suggesting an unexpected number of character spaces have been inserted. I am unsure at this moment what could be causing this issue in either TVTWM or Exmh. If you have any suggestions or if additional information is required to troubleshoot this problem, please let me know. I appreciate your patience and cooperation. Best regards, Exmhusers Mailing List" }, { "body": "I've noticed some issues with the cut-paste behavior in exmh, which I believe is primarily my fault. The middle click sets the insert point, and this often results in the cursor being placed at an apparently random position within the text pane instead of where I expect it to be (denoted by the current flashing cursor). This problem occurs even when snarfing text into the mouse cut buffer and trying to inject it into exmh input windows. It's worth mentioning that I usually wipe out any leading colons ':' with the text, and sometimes this isn't even at the beginning of a line - it can be an unexplained number of character spaces into the text where it inserts. I'm curious as to what I might be doing wrong in either X WM Shell or exmh that is causing this. As a TVtwm user, I thought I should bring this up on the exmhusers mailing list. Brent Welch, Software Architect at Panasas Inc., works on pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "The EXMH (Brent Welch's) cut-paste model in Wed Sep has an issue where it appears to be mostly your fault. The middle click sets the insert point, but if you find this inconvenient, you can adjust the bindings by going to Simple Edit Preferences and deselecting 'Paste sets Insert'. However, this solution comes with a downside - it no longer allows cut-paste within one SEDIT window, necessitating an intermediate client always. The exception is when you want to select some text and paste it at the same place, although due to the click needed for setting the insert point, the selection gets reverted to the last selection made in another window or something similar. Given that the majority of users would likely prefer 'Paste sets Insert' enabled, learning to live with this issue is less painful compared to dealing with the other." }, { "body": "Dear User, I understand your concerns regarding the cut/paste model in EXMH (Robert Elz's WMH) that you find problematic. The middle click sets the insert point, and if you dislike this behavior, you can adjust it by going to the Bindings > Simple Edit Preferences window and deselecting 'Paste sets Insert'. However, it seems this solution comes with a side effect: you will no longer be able to cut/paste within one sedit window, requiring an intermediate client to be used. It appears most users prefer to keep the 'Paste sets Insert' enabled, as the alternative might cause discomfort for a significant period. However, if you are using an external editor with EXMH (like Gvim), you can cut/paste from the message display window into spawned Gvim processes but not into anything else. This can be quite inconvenient, especially when dealing with messages in qp encoded or non-textplain mime types, resulting in raw garbage. I am sorry for this annoyance, and I hope a solution will be found soon. In the meantime, if you wish to view messages in a terminal window instead (using cat or less), you may avoid encountering this issue. Best regards, EXMH Users Mailing List" }, { "body": "Dear User, I understand your concern regarding the inconvenience you're experiencing when using the 'Link' feature in combination with moving messages to another folder. It appears that since both functions share the same destination folder, you have to perform additional steps to use the 'Link'. To make this process more streamlined for you, I recommend changing your settings so that you can mark a specific destination folder for a message link or move without actually performing a move or link. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any obvious solution in our current setup, but I'm looking into potential workarounds. In the meantime, I suggest using a temporary method: 1) mark the desired destination folder, 2) perform a move (without actually moving the message), and 3) immediately undo the move. This will allow you to use the 'Link' function with minimal additional steps. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused and appreciate your patience while we explore options to improve the user experience. Cheers, ExMHusers Mailing List" }, { "body": "Is there a way to set a destination folder for a message link or move without actually moving or linking it in EXMH? I couldn't see anything obvious right-click on the folder label in the folder list in the main window. The key puts you into a change folder mode, hit a second time and you go into set a target mode, type a few characters of the folder name and hit space for autocomplete. How is EXMH users mailing list doing?" }, { "body": "The email suggests that there is an issue with right-clicking on a folder label in the current configuration, which seems to behave similarly to Tony's setup, performing a move instead of selecting as target. This occurs when no messages are currently selected. The user proposes a solution where one click would suffice and suggests that shift+right click could be an effective mouse binding for this purpose. However, implementing mouse bindings is more challenging than key bindings. The email also mentions that it would be beneficial to have a way to link folders in one click, but currently, adding mouse bindings is difficult compared to adding key bindings. The user further explains that, if the desired destination folder is not the current selected target, they right-click on the target which selects it and moves the message. They also mention that Exmh only permits one uncommitted action for a message at a time, so you cannot achieve a move by doing a link then delete then commit. The email ends with a brief comment about the weather in their location and their absence from where they are normally based." }, { "body": "On Friday, September Tony Nugent reported an issue where he can cut and paste from EXMHS message display window into spawned GVIM processes but not into anything else. He mentioned that it's odd because he can cut and paste between all kinds of windows (EXMH into Mozilla, Xterm, another wish script of his used for DNS tasks), except for that one. However, he expects this issue with the DNS task script as it is a custom script. He further noted that Netscape, when he used to use it, had similar issues but assumed it and Mozilla are from the same codebase approximately. He couldn't think of anything else it fails for that he has noticed. He is inquiring if anyone on the EXMHusers mailing list has encountered a similar issue with 'anything else'." }, { "body": "Dear Robert Elz and Tony Nugent, I have encountered an odd issue where I can copy-paste text from the EXMHS message display window into spawned Gvim processes but not into anything else. However, I can cut-paste between all kinds of windows except for EXMH. This issue has been ongoing for several weeks without a resolution. I've noticed this problem with Mozilla and another script I use for DNS tasks, but that could be expected. I can't think of anything else it fails for that I have noticed. For instance, I can't even mark text in an EXMH message window and then paste it into a terminal window. The cut buffer seems to be completely empty and its previous contents are no longer there either. I'm writing from Queensland, Australia, where it almost feels like early summer already. Winters here are dry and warm, much better than cold wet Melbourne. Despite some recent rain (first in months), we are already into a drought with an El Niño on the way. It is only going to get worse; the last one in 2019 caused one of the worst droughts ever seen here in Australia. Best, Tony (EXMH users mailing list)" }, { "body": "In the main window, pressing the key takes you into a change folder mode for the first time after starting exmh. To set a target mode, type a few characters of the desired folder's name and press space for autocomplete. Continue hitting space to cycle through all matching folders. Press return to actually select the displayed folder. Please note that this is not recommended for navigating into nested folders, as I only have archives nested. For instructions on how to navigate into nested folders or if there are any tricks to it, someone else will need to guide you. This information is applicable to the hlexmh users mailing list." }, { "body": "On Friday, Robert Elz mentioned that he has his setup configured in a way that it does a move rather than selecting as target without moving. It appears Tony also faces the same issue. I had forgotten that this preference is configurable, specifically in the 'Preferences' folder, under the 'Display' action when the 'Target' button is clicked, which can be changed to select only. I believe I recall that the button used as the 'Target' button is also customizable, but I haven't had enough caffeine to remember exactly where that setting is. I will check the Alex Mhusers mailing list for more details." }, { "body": "Dear All, I'm having trouble with marking text in an EXMH message window and pasting it into a terminal window. It appears that the cut buffer is empty, and its previous contents are no longer there either. Recently, Brent confessed that he had attempted to manipulate the xmodels of copy and paste, not in those exact words but that's how I understood it. I find it challenging to copy and paste from or to EXMH across a VNC link, especially when moving things between the VNCViewer and areas outside of it, and vice versa. However, as long as I stick to apps normally displayed on my X server, I don't encounter much difficulty. From my memory of my X programming days, I recall that the X model, like most aspects of X, is more complex than the human brain can grasp. It also seems significantly different from the Windows model. I get the feeling that Tk attempts to unify these two models but fails. I'm not entirely sure about EXMH's specific contribution to this confusion, but frankly... Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Robert Elz, I've encountered an odd issue with Tony Nugent's email. He mentioned that he can cut and paste text from the EXMHS message display window to spawned gvim processes, but not into anything else. This seems inconsistent as he usually cuts and pastes between various windows without issue, except for EXMH. I've experienced a similar problem with Mozilla, Xterm, and another wish script of his used for DNS tasks. However, considering the nature of these applications, it might not be unexpected. What is peculiar is that he can't even mark text in an EXMH message window and then paste it into a terminal window. The cut buffer appears to be completely empty, and its previous contents are no longer there either. He's based in Queensland, Australia, and mentioned that it almost feels like early summer already. He also shared that winters in Queensland are dry and warm, much better than cold wet Melbourne, despite some recent rain they've had. They are already into a drought with an El Niño on the way, which is only going to get worse. The last El Niño caused one of the worst droughts ever seen in Australia. He speculated that this might be due to a problem with his GNOME setup. He and several coworkers have resolved similar problems by updating their GNOME components, although he can't pinpoint exactly which component did the trick. It seems most likely that GNOMEcore or GTK were the culprits, but it may have been something else. He has not seen the problem for quite a while now. Best, Kevin Oberman Network Engineer Energy Sciences Network (ESNET) Ernest O. Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory Berkeley Lab EXMH-Users Mailing List" }, { "body": "In the Tony Nu Gent interface, I have assigned my right mouse button to move a message to another folder, which works fine. However, links also use the same destination folder as the move function, causing inconvenience as I need to undo the move and mark a different destination folder before using the link. Is there a more efficient way to set this up so that I can link messages with one or two simple clicks? According to some old documentation, I should be able to use 'shift+right click' to link messages in the same way as moving them with only right click. Here are the suggested mouse bindings: left mouse button - change folder, middle mouse button - view nested folders, right mouse button - refile current messages to the folder, shift + right mouse button - link current messages to the folder, shift + middle mouse button - drag a folder label to some drop target, control + right mouse button - clear the current target folder. I hope this information helps you resolve my issue." }, { "body": "I've always found the mouse buffer operation with exmh perplexing as well. Here's my experience: I have exmh, xemacs windows open along with a terminal window, and Enlightenment as my WM. When I select text in the exmh window while it is highlighted, I can paste it into anything else. However, if I click so that the highlighting is off, then what I paste is not the recently selected text in exmh but an old selection. If I select text in xemacs and leave it highlighted, I can paste it into exmh's sedit window, but if it is no longer highlighted, what I paste is an old selection. This behavior is acceptable except for one additional issue: when nothing is highlighted, what I paste into exmh is different from what I paste into other windows. Specifically, if nothing is highlighted in xemacs, it pastes whatever was last selected unless it was last selected in exmh. If nothing is selected in xterm or abiword, it pastes the same as xemacs. nedit and sedit paste nothing. In nedit, when nothing is highlighted, what I paste is whatever was last highlighted in sedit and overwritten. To clarify, if I highlight something in sedit, obviously that's what gets pasted. If the highlighting is off, then what gets pasted is not what was last highlighted in sedit but what was last highlighted and typed over. It seems that exmh and sedit are the odd ones out here, as often when I try to paste something into sedit, I end up muttering 'what the frick', referring to the exmh users mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Wendy Roberts, I see you're having trouble setting up an auto-forwarding button for your 'msgforward' form in 'mycomps' without going through the editor. I haven't found a perfect solution yet, but here are some steps that might help: - Ensure the 'noedit' flag is set in your form definition. This will prevent the edit window from appearing. - If you've tried using the 'draft' and 'send' commands, perhaps the order is incorrect. You should try putting 'send draft' after the forward command. - It seems like you're also trying to adjust filters on a spam address. After forwarding to this address, delete the email. However, it doesn't seem to be working without the edit window appearing. If these steps don't work or if you need further assistance, please let me know. I appreciate your help in resolving this issue. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Exmh Users, I've been experiencing some trouble with copying text from an EXMH message window and pasting it into a terminal window. The cut buffer seems to be empty, and its previous contents are no longer there. This might be a guesswork issue, but I've found that updating my GNOME components has resolved the problem for me and others. Although I can't pinpoint exactly which component did the trick, it seems likely to be Gnomecore or GTK, but it could have been something else. As my workstation mostly works fine without updates, I hadn't bothered to update it until now. However, I haven't seen this problem for quite a while now, so upgrading GNOME might fix the issue. This doesn't appear to be an EXMH-Tkcl issue. Best, Kevin Oberman, Network Engineer" }, { "body": "On Friday, September dale alspach, I have found that when using the standard X copy and paste behavior, only what is currently highlighted is pasted using the mouse (classic). It is important to note that highlighting a selection actually copies it into the buffer, as opposed to there being a separate copy command within X. If you have highlighted something, you have essentially copied it, without the need for an explicit 'copy' command. However, this does not seem to override what is in an application's own paste buffer as far as I can tell. For example, Maple's cut and paste functions appear to be isolated from the X server's global select and paste functions. If an application has a copy command that can be used separately from the process of highlighting something, it is likely that this command was written independently by the application authors. Such applications may also have their own customized paste command to ensure compatibility between the two functions. Whether these internal custom select and paste functions interoperate with the X server's global select and paste functions will vary from program to program, as each case relies on the efforts of the program's authors to blend separate systems. Jacob Morzinski, ex-MUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Wendy Roberts, I've been trying to set up a button called 'Auto-Forward Mail' using a form in mycomps. However, I haven't found the correct recipe yet. Currently, I have one that sends emails from my work mail to my home mail using a dist binding. The binding looks like this: `set bindingskey hddistsilently form distcompstome` The 'hddistsilently' is an old and hacked-up version of the proc that does dist in exmh, pasted below. It should probably be resynced with the current code, but it still works on a relatively recent CVS copy of exmh. There might be an easier way to achieve this, as I quickly hacked this together over a year ago and moved onto other tasks since it worked. Here is the proc: `hal proc hddistsilently args global exmh msg set exmhctype dist if string length args set args mhdistsetup if msgok msgid m if string compare info command args args old interface with hook procedure if catch args exmhfolder m err setup draft msg exmhstatus err purple return else if catch exmhstatus dist exmhfolder m eval mhexec dist exmhfolder m nowhatnowproc args mhannosetup exmhfolder m dist err exmhstatus err purple return editdone send just send it exmhusers mailing list` Best Regards," }, { "body": "Tony Nugent, on Friday Sep, I'm experiencing an issue with Emacs X Window Mailer (exmh) where I can't copy text from the message window and paste it into a terminal. The cut buffer appears to be empty, and its previous contents are no longer there. This could be a GNOME-related problem as updating GNOME components seems to have fixed similar issues for me and others at our lab. However, I can't confirm which specific component did the trick - it might have been GNOME Core or GTK, but it could have been something else entirely. Nonetheless, my workstation is mostly functioning without this issue, so I haven't updated it yet. Upgrading GNOME should resolve the problem, though it's not an exmh-tktcl issue. Other apps seem to handle cut and paste fine, but Tk has a unique approach to clipboard management that may be causing conflicts. I'm merely reporting my experience and not assigning blame." }, { "body": "I have transferred my exmh setup to a new system, and all my emails are now being routed to the 'mailmyincerrors' folder. This occurs regardless of whether it is the inbox or presort options. I am having trouble locating this specific condition in the documentation. If anyone on the exmh-users mailing list has any suggestions, they would be greatly appreciated." }, { "body": "It appears that the initial question concerns an update regarding the PGP code within exmh, specifically if anyone has any recent updates that the sender should be aware of. The user's issue is that when receiving a PGP signed message, they first get a button to verify the signature with GnuPG. After pressing the button, no signature appears on their keyring, and instead, they receive a message stating 'check public key not found', along with a button labeled 'query keyserver'. If this button is pressed, exmh seems to hang indefinitely. However, if the user bypasses the button and queries the keyserver manually before attempting the message again, the problem does not occur. This suggests that there might be an issue within the code that communicates with the keyserver. Other users experiencing this problem on the exmh and tcltk regclemens exmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Is it possible to customize the table of contents for specific folders within the email format, particularly for the formatted files used in scan sheets for the stonexmh users mailing list? While folder customization can be achieved using components and replcomps for message templates, I was wondering if similar customizations could be applied for formatted file formats." }, { "body": "I've been focusing on salary-related matters lately, but I've been prompted to revisit EXMH due to Robert finding the sllineno bug. Has anyone else been looking into the performance issues we discussed before my departure? If not, should I dive back in regarding Chris Garrigues at Vircio Congress Suite, Austin, TX (World War: The Wrongdoers vs the Application)? Here's the PGP signature for verification." }, { "body": "I have updated to the latest CVS. Running a build from June, clicking the 'flist' button produces an error in expression while executing the 'ftocfindmsg' procedure, which is invoked from within 'ftocshowsequences', 'ftocshownew', and 'incpresortfinish'. The issue appears to only occur in folders without any unseen messages. Chris, is this problem related to your recent changes? This matter pertains to the Scottexmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Both 'Move' and 'Link' are one-click actions on a folder label. The former moves the current message to the selected folder, while the latter links the current message to it without moving. To achieve this setup, right-click on the folder label in the folder list. This configuration seems to be the same as Tony's, but his 'Move' function may simply perform a move rather than selecting the target without moving. If there are no messages currently selected, the system works fine in the main window. To change folders, press the key which puts you into a change folder mode. After starting EXMH, hit a second key and start typing a few characters of the folder name; hitting space for autocomplete. However, this method might not be user-friendly if you're using the mouse. A more convenient way to link in one click would indeed be beneficial. Adding such functionality should be feasible; shifting+right-click could be a good choice. However, adding mouse bindings is more challenging than adding key bindings. Currently, adding mouse bindings is difficult but not impossible. If the desired destination folder is not the current selected target, right-click on the target which selects it and moves the message. After moving the message to the new location, select the message again and then link it. EXMH only allows one uncomitted action to be selected for a message at a time, so you cannot achieve a move by doing a link then delete then commit. It needs to be link, commit, delete, commit. EXMH had similar limitations. Spring is progressing well down under, though it has been cold, wet and miserable where I am currently. However, the past few days have seen sunny days and cold nights. This weather is a good enough reason for me not to be there at the moment. Regarding EXMH users mailing list, Brent Welch (Software Architect, Panasas Inc) has provided valuable insights into pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "Hi Torsten, It appears that RPM is ignoring the version numbers for the package 'saxon-saxon' in your spec file. This might cause 'saxon-saxon' to install even with the same version number or prevent it from installing if there's a different version number. This behavior could be due to incorrect version number formatting or mismatch between the specified and actual version in your repository. Please verify the version numbers and their formatting to ensure they comply with RPM standards." }, { "body": "Hello, on Tuesday, August asked a question about the 'require' tag. I apologize for not mentioning earlier, but there is actually a newsgroup dedicated to this topic: Torsten Schoe's RPM list mailing list." }, { "body": "The devices have arrived, thank you Gordon for reporting the issue and as mentioned earlier, you were the only one who could help. Any additional comments are more than welcome. I've just tried out the new spec and finally got sound working with my Abit integrated audio. It's been quite a struggle trying to get sound to work either with the drivers included in the kernel or the commercial OSS, but thanks to some helpful OpenSound people, we've managed it at last. The RPMs seem to be fine, they worked for me out of the box on vanilla Valhalla (latest Errata) Ikufi RPMList." }, { "body": "Dear Ille Skytt, Thank you for your email regarding the devices at Ville Skytt. I appreciate Gordon reporting the problem and am glad that we were able to identify a solution for the sound issue with your Abit integrated audio. It's great to hear that you've been able to work things out with the helpful OpenSound people, although I understand it was quite a struggle. I'm pleased to hear that the RPMs worked for you out of the box on Valhalla latest errata, except for the absence of an init script in the RPMs. According to our records, a sample init script designed for Red Hat should be included in utilsalsasound. I will look into this matter and see if it can be included in future releases. Thank you for your patience and for bringing this issue to our attention. If you have any further comments or questions, please don't hesitate to contact us. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Ville, Thank you for letting me know that the RPMs are working well for you on vanilla Valhalla with the latest errata, except for the absence of an init script in the RPMs. As per the instructions, a sample one designed for Red Hat is supposed to be found in utils/alsasound. I will look into including it in future releases. You mentioned that Red Hat Linux sets correct permissions on all ALSA audio devices and that the modulesconf files take care of loading the right modules on demand. Additionally, you stated that aumix and the scripts that come with Red Hat still work for controlling the volume even when the computer is halted. I'm glad to hear that your card is working fine with these. Regarding your question about purchasing an amplifier that supports Dolby Digital decoding, since ALSA supports the SPDIF optical output of your Shuttle's sound chip, it seems like a good option to consider. I've only been using it for a few days, but I can already say that ALSA is impressive, especially since it maintains full OSS compatibility without breaking anything. Best regards, Matthias Saou, World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer, Interactive Phone, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group" }, { "body": "Dear Villeskytta, Thank you for your email. I'm glad to hear that the RPMs are working fine on vanilla Valhalla with the latest errata. However, I noticed that there doesn't seem to be an init script in the RPMs as a sample one designed for RedHat is supposed to be in utils/alsa-sound. Could you please check if it can be included? Additionally, I found that alsaxmms does not work unless alsalibdevel is installed. If xmms starts but fails with 'cannot load ALSAsound cannot open shared object: no such file or directory', please ensure that libasoundso (which is part of alsalibdevel) is installed. This should resolve the issue. Unfortunately, I couldn't find 'xinelibs' anywhere. As for the Nvidia stuff, since you're using Radeon, it shouldn't be a concern in this case. If you face any other issues or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask. Best regards, Ikifi RPM List" }, { "body": "Once upon a time, Ville reported that ALSAXMM plugins do not work unless ALSALIBDEVEL is installed, but XMMS fails to start with the error 'cannot load ALSAlib: cannot open shared object: no such file or directory'. To resolve this issue, ensure you have 'libasoundso' which is part of ALSALIBDEVEL. After installation, the ALSA XMMS output plugins should function correctly. As for installing the xine stuff, I am having trouble finding 'which', a component required by xinelibs. Lastly, there seems to be an issue with the NVIDIA stuff while I have Radeon hardware. I will look into resolving these issues. Thank you for bringing these matters to my attention." }, { "body": "Dear Ille Skytt Villeskytta, I appreciate your feedback on using rpms with Vanilla Valhalla and ALSA. You mentioned that you did not find an init script in the RPMs, but as Red Hat Linux sets correct permissions on all ALSA audio devices automatically through the consoleperms file and the modulesconf files, it is not necessary to include one. You also expressed that aumix and the scripts that come with Red Hat Linux still work for controlling the volume, even when the computer is halted. This explains why you were looking for an init script in the first place, but I am glad you didn't check whether the existing setup would have worked with that. Lastly, you shared your positive experience with ALSA, especially because of its full OSS compatibility and how it doesn't break anything. I completely agree with you, though my hours of experience are limited. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Previously, Ville mentioned that the mixer issue led him to search for an init script initially. He didn't verify if the existing setup would have worked with it, but he will give it a try. From his recent experiments, he found that both the main and the pcm can be controlled using either alsamixer or aumix. As far as he has experienced in just a few days, ALSA is excellent because it doesn't break anything when providing full OSS compatibility. I hope other list members will test it out to confirm. The reported issues with libasoundso and incorrect xine dependency have been fixed in the current packages. Additionally, I've finally implemented sorting by both last change date and alphabetically for my build list in the php code. I am open to any patches, comments, suggestions regarding all those spec files. Regards, Matthias Saou (System and Network Engineer, Barcelona Spain, Electronic Group Interactive Phone)" }, { "body": "Thank you for your message. To switch between Digital OUT and Analog OUT with ALSA, use 'emuconfig d' for digital and 'emuconfig a' for analog. Unfortunately, there isn't an exact method like this with ALSA. However, you can adjust the settings in the alsa-mixer or through configuration files. If you encounter any issues or have further comments, feel free to follow up on Wednesday at 10am with Matthias Saou. Regarding your update, you've created a subpackage of alsadriver named alsakernel which includes only the kernel modules. The alsadriver package now contains everything else from the original package (device entries, files, docs). This setup allows the installation of a single alsadriver package and multiple alsakernel if you have more than one kernel installed. Those who install from source can still install the ALSA modules from the source. Gordon, thank you for reporting the problem, as mentioned, you were the only one affected by this issue. For those running a different kernel, simply rebuild the alsadriver source RPM and you'll get a package for your current kernel. For custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages, visit the provided link. For further information about Valhalla running Linux Kernel, check out the online battery RPM list mailing list. If you need to find files larger than a given size in a directory, use the command 'find path/to/directory -type f -size +nk' where 'n' is a number or multiples thereof. Discussions on this topic can be found on the lih : jul : rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "In my email on Thursday, I mentioned that the mixer issue was what led me to search for an init script initially. I didn't check if the existing setup would have worked with it, but I will try that out. If there's silence, it means success. I have tried both the main and the pcm at least, and volume levels can be controlled either through alsamixer or aumix. I will also test it using the new rpms tomorrow. From my short experience so far, ALSA seems impressive, especially because it maintains full OSS compatibility without breaking anything. I agree that this is great, though with only a few hours of use, I can't say much. I hope more people from the list will try it out. The issues you reported (libasoundso and wrong xine dependency) are now fixed in the current packages, thanks for pointing them out. That was quick!" }, { "body": "I've successfully installed ALSA and I no longer experience static interference, which is excellent. However, the setup only outputs sound through the front speakers and subwoofer, with the rear speakers being silent. Additionally, both alsamixer and aumix are unresponsive. Lance, I will give them another try on Wednesday. Regarding switching between digital out and analog out with ALSA, is there a similar method to the one you mentioned using Emuconfig (d for digital, a for analog)? Lance, I hope to hear from you on Wednesday. Matthias, regarding your follow-up about the ALSA package, I understand that you've created a subpackage called alsakernel which contains only the kernel modules, and alsadriver contains everything else from the original package, including device entries, files, and docs. This should allow for the installation of a single alsadriver package and multiple alsakernel packages if more than one kernel is installed. People who install from source can still install the ALSA modules from the source. I appreciate your prompt attention to this issue, Matthias. If anyone has any further comments, they are welcome. For those running Red Hat Linux or similar systems, you may need to rebuild the alsadriver source RPM and you'll get a package for your current kernel. For custom Red Hat Linux packages, follow these steps: redhat linux release (Valhalla), run Linux Kernel (load online battery rpm list mailing list: linux one stanza tip lost sub: finding out files larger than given size, use the command 'find pathtodir -type f -size +nk' where n is a number like 5K or multiples thereof for discussions on this topic, refer to the rpmlist mailing list in July." }, { "body": "Hi there, Previously, Lance mentioned that he successfully installed ALSA but is experiencing an issue where sound is only coming from the front speakers and subwoofer, with the rear speakers remaining silent. He also noted that alsamixer and aumix are unresponsive. He's seeking additional information or tips regarding his specific card on the ALSA page. He also suggested trying to manually edit the alsactl store file (which contains data similar to what can be controlled with alsamixer) and then running 'alsactl restore' to see if he can adjust settings that way. If you have any insights or solutions, please share. Best, Matthias Matthias Saou World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer Barcelona, Spain Electronic Group - Interactive Phone : rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Subject: Updates on package fixes and new features for alsadriverspec I've addressed both the issues you reported regarding libasoundso and wrong xine dependency in the current packages. It might be worth mentioning that I've also implemented sorting by last change date and alphabetically for my build list in the php code. I accept patches, comments, suggestions about all those spec files. I've added flags to remove oss and isapnp support at build time if one wishes to. It's possible to do a rpmbuild recompile without oss without isapnp (I haven't included oss in my setup as it's not supported on my motherboard, and I'm too lazy to recompile the kernel). I've also added a flag 'kernsrc' that can be used to remove the dependency for kernelsource at build time. It would be nice to check if the correct kernel include files actually exist (though I'm currently unclear about how to do this in RPM building as I'm still a beginner). Regarding your issue with building your own rpm for alsadriver, you've removed all alsa rpms and tried rpmbuild with yours (alsadriverspecmine) without oss, without isapnp, and without kernsrc. However, you're encountering a long list of successful compile snippets and dev files listed, but it seems like the devadsp file and devamidi are installed but unpackaged. I believe this might be due to the files coming from the makedev rpm, and alsasound should have been installed by alsadriver. If you look in the right places, you'll find that they are there (I think the relevant part is this line: 'cp a buildroot/sysconf.d/makedev'). Lastly, I forgot to mention that I'm running beta null : Matthias Silent and on the seventh day, god was arrested for trespassing." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email, Daniel. To summarize your message, you have added flags to your spec files that allow removal of OSS and ISAPNP support at build time, and are also working on a flag (kernsrc) to remove the dependency for kernelsource package. You've encountered issues with building a requirement for a file not provided by any package and found no solution other than stopping the build process if it isn't found, which you find unsightly. For the 'withcards' option in alsas configure, you are uncertain about how to implement it. You have also discussed the process of creating your own RPM for an alsakernel, removing all existing alsa RPMS, and encountering issues with rpmbuild. Lastly, you mentioned that you are running a beta version of Null which has new features such as build failure when files are present in the build root but not listed in the files section, and have set the variable 'unpackagedfilesterminatebuild'. Is this correct? I will do my best to help with your questions." }, { "body": "I understand your points regarding the RPM build process and installing ALSA kernel drivers. Here's a suggestion: You could install an alsakernel for the original kernel you've kept, and install ALSA modules from source for custom kernels built from source. This setup would allow you to create base files excluding the kernel drivers. For dependency reasons, this seems to be the best approach. However, please keep in mind that this may require individual handling of each card due to the 'with' feature of rpmbuild. Also, I should note that I was only considering this for tweaking purposes and not for real-world needs. As for your comment about God being arrested on the seventh day, it certainly provides a good laugh!" }, { "body": "Axel has informed us that he is back to his normal state and is passing on some information. It appears that Matthias Saou's build directory has a hardcoded path, specifically in his package. It would be beneficial to identify this issue and rectify it. Axel mentions that he often uses the username 'dude', which has been his login since before The Big Lebowski was released. It seems that some programs incorrectly hardcode his home directory when compiling. For instance, the strings for usrbingentoo and usrbinxine contain the word 'dude' in their search operations, and they seem to refer to his home directory as 'homedude'. These instances should be considered as bugs in the programs' build process, particularly for Xine. Axel intends to report these issues upstream when he has some free time. Thank you for bringing this to our attention." }, { "body": "Hello Ille, I believe I can assist you with the new plugins package for gkrellm. I see two options: keeping it as it currently is or packaging each plugin separately. The latter seems to be easier to maintain. Best, Matthias" }, { "body": "Dear Lance, I'm sorry for the inconvenience but I can't directly answer your question as it requires hands-on experience with your specific hardware setup. However, I can guide you through some steps to troubleshoot and hopefully find a solution. 1. You mentioned that you have issues switching between digital out and analog out using ALSA driver and utilities such as gamix. With OSS drivers, you used 'emuconfig d' for digital and 'emuconfig a' for analog. In ALSA, it seems the controls are located in alsamixer or gamix itself. You mentioned finding 'sb live analogdigital output jack' in alsamixer but haven't figured out how to use it. I suggest exploring the options within these tools to see if you can find a similar functionality. 2. Regarding expanding gamix to display all possible controls, you mentioned that it defaults back to wave and music with LFE center surround and playback under wave for digital output. You'd like to see all the controls. I would recommend referring to the gamix documentation or seeking help from its community forums. 3. Lastly, you mentioned having a tuner and cassette deck hooked up to an audio-video switch that goes into line in on the soundcard. You were able to switch between digital out (for anything coming from the computer) and analog out (for the tuner and cassette deck) using 'emuconfig d' and 'emuconfig a' with the emutools package for SBLive. It seems you want to know if this is necessary to switch in-between to get line in to work or not. Unfortunately, I can't provide a definitive answer without testing it on your setup. I hope this helps and wish you the best of luck in finding a solution! Regards, " }, { "body": "Hello, I've discovered a small problem with the Downloader X update, specifically with the FTP search engines. It appears that they are missing some components. I appreciate your attention to this matter in advance. By the way, I really enjoy the xmmsxosd plugin." }, { "body": "I've observed that there are packaged versions of Blackbox and Hackbox available from freshrpms. However, it seems there are no RPMs for Fluxbox, which I would appreciate if they were made available as its creators appear reluctant to provide them. By the way, do you know if the rpmlist mailing list provides realtime stock quotes via Yahoo Finance?" }, { "body": "Hi, I've attached a spec file for Fluxbox that I created some weeks ago. You might find it useful, if not, you can at least use it as a reference. Please note that this might be an old version, but it should still work. If there is a chance to include it in the system, it would be great. However, do let me know if it's not feasible. Regarding packaged versions of Blackbox and Hackbox, I found them on freshrpms. As for Fluxbox, there seems to be no RPM package available yet. Yes, I use Yahoo Finance for real-time stock quotes. Attached is the Fluxbox spec file." }, { "body": "Previously, I used 'apt-get upgrade' with great satisfaction when using regular distributions. Now that I am running Null Beta, I was wondering if there is a version of APT that can be used for updating Null with the RPMs available for Null through freshrpms.net since I prefer APT over other methods. If possible, can I use APT to receive updates from the Null Redhat upgrades on freshrpms.net? My question is from an angle of simplicity in a complex world, similar to how one might view angles in geometry." }, { "body": "If I can use APT, can it be utilized to obtain updates from these different repositories such as null.redhat.com, upgrades.null, files.freshrpms.net? Yes, you could build your own apt repository by mirroring the necessary directories. For instance, using a wget cron job or similar tools. Symlink the required RPMs, recreate the repository and keep it updated via a regular maintenance schedule (e.g., symlink the needed rpms and use a wget cron job). This approach is beneficial if you have multiple installations. In order to access the mentioned places, someone needs to maintain such a repository up-to-date, either yourself or another individual. For more information, consider joining the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Axel Thimm and Angles Puglisi, If I can make use of APT, may I utilize it to receive updates from these different repositories such as null.redhat.com, upgrades.null, files.freshrpms.net? You could establish your own APT repository by mirroring the required directories using a wget cron job, symbolically linking the needed RPMs, and recreating the repository. It would be beneficial if you have more than one installation. It's always nice to have a place to put things that override Red Hat elements like, for instance, if you absolutely despise Qt and some programs are rebuildable from sources with different configure options. In such cases, you can get src.rpm, edit spec file, bump the release number with your initials and another number, rebuild, insert into APT, and let loose. I believe freshrpms also has an updates directory, although it may not be as up-to-date as the regular files from freshrpms.net. However, I would never use it. There is another repository at apt.rpmtux.org (I think; I'm not certain if that had the updates list). Best, " }, { "body": "I've built another alsaplayer this time on my 'null box'. I'm not sure what that means, but this time it compiled successfully with the new ALSA drivers, thanks to Matthias for providing the ALSA RPMs. He's done a great job in bringing sound to the masses! In geometry terms, he's an 'angle' that brings significant improvements." }, { "body": "Dear Stephen Liu, It appears that you're having trouble installing 'processing' using the apt package manager on your system. From your description, it seems like the package is not available in the repositories you are currently using. In Ubuntu and Debian-based systems, the official 'processing' packages are usually found in the main repository or the universe repository. If you haven't already, try running 'sudo apt-get update' to ensure your system has the latest package lists. After that, you can try installing 'processing' again using 'apt-get install processing'. If you are still encountering issues, it might be worth exploring other methods such as building from source or using a PPA (Personal Package Archive) if one is available for the version you need. Alternatively, you could try using another package manager like RPM if you have the necessary files. I hope this helps! Let me know if you face any further issues. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Stephen originally wrote: apt-get install. However, this is not the intended way to use apt. For details, please refer to Gordon's response on the Valhalla list. Matthias Saou, World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive Phone, also suggested checking the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I encountered an issue with one of the freshrpms RPMs after upgrading mplayer. Now, I'm getting a mplayer error: 'while loading shared libraries: cannot open shared object: No such file or directory'. It appears that the dependency libdvdnav may have been overlooked by Matthias. I reported this issue on the linux rpmlist mailing list. Best regards," }, { "body": "Hello Rob, I believe you've installed Red Hat and are trying to install mplayer to play QuickTime MOVs. Since you mentioned using apt-get source for mplayer and attempting to rpm rebuild, it seems like you might be using a mix of Debian (apt-get) and RPM (Red Hat)-based commands, which may not work as intended in Red Hat. To install mplayer on Red Hat, you can use the yum package manager. Here's the command to install it: `yum install mplayer` If you encounter any issues, you might want to consult the Red Hat documentation for more guidance: https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/7/html/Deployment_Guide/index.html Hope this helps! Let me know if you have any further questions. Regards," }, { "body": "Hello Rob, It seems you are having trouble rebuilding MPlayer on RedHat. Here are the steps you can follow to resolve your issue: 1. Ensure that you are logged in as root and navigated to the directory where you have downloaded the MPlayer source file. 2. The error message about dependencies might appear, but don't worry, most of them can be found at freshrpms.net (excluding those which you can find on your Red Hat CD, FTP or rpmfind.net). 3. After rebuilding the source RPM, it should generate a binary RPM with all dependencies met. 4. To install MPlayer with codecs, use 'rpm -ivh' command to install the RPM package and place the required codecs in a directory (you can find the codecs from Google). Good luck! If you encounter any further issues, feel free to ask. Regards, Lance" }, { "body": "Dear Lance, I believe there might be a few issues with the process you're trying to follow. Here are some suggestions: 1. Ensure that you are in the correct directory after downloading the file and rebuilding as root. 2. The error about dependencies might be due to missing packages. FreshRpms is a good resource, but for specific Red Hat packages not found there, you can look up on your Red Hat CD, FTP, or rpmfind.net. 3. After rebuilding the source RPM, it should generate a binary RPM that meets all dependencies. If 'mplayer' is giving you trouble with RPM IVH, you might want to try installing it directly using other methods such as yum or dnf. 4. The codecs are essential for mplayer to function correctly. You can find them on Google, but remember to create a directory and place the codecs there before running the program. 5. Regarding your issue with 'rpmlist mailing list', it seems like you might be missing the file or directory referenced in the rpmlist command. I would recommend checking the path and ensuring it exists before executing the command. Hope this helps! Let me know if you encounter any more issues." }, { "body": "Dear User, In your email, you mentioned that you are encountering the same error when trying to rebuild or recompile RPMs even after doing so as root. You also mentioned that you have downloaded the files as root. If the issue is related to the source RPM not being installed correctly, I would suggest checking if the source RPM for mplayer is present in /usr/src/redhat/SPECS. If the file 'mplayerspec' exists, you can try running the command 'rpm -ba mplayerspec' to build the binary RPM from the SPEC file. This should be done on the system and network where you have the necessary resources (Matthias Matthias Saou, World Trade Center Edificio Norte, Planta System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive Phone: rpmlist mailing list). If this does not resolve your issue, please provide more details about the error message you are receiving so I can assist you further." }, { "body": "The title page you are referring to appears to have a login screen, and I cannot seem to access the apt indexes anymore. It seems that this issue might be affecting other users as well, indicating there may be some ongoing problem with the system." }, { "body": "For additional information, please check out GnuPG (GNU Privacy Guard), a free tool for secure communication and data encryption on GNU/Linux systems. If you have any questions regarding this matter, feel free to consult the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear all, Harri previously mentioned that the title page has a login screen and he is unable to access the apt indexes anymore. He also noted that over the past few days he has experienced connection problems with the site but for him currently, it seems to be working. Harri is Matthias Saou, World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer from Barcelona, Spain. In case anyone else is encountering similar issues, please feel free to reach out. Regards," }, { "body": "Subject: Issues with Apt Indexes and URL aptfiles Dear Matthias Saou, Harri wrote about an issue where the title page has a login screen and he can't access the apt indexes anymore. He mentioned that the requested url 'aptfiles' was not found on this server for the past few days. However, he's experienced connection problems with that site from time to time but it seems to be working now for him. He also mentioned that you might be experiencing the same issue. It could possibly be a temporary problem. Regarding the 'win a live rat for your mother-in-law' application and the pgpsignature, please find them below: begin pgp signature gnupg  gnulinux for info see end pgp signature For more information about the rpmlist mailing list, please refer to it. Best regards," }, { "body": "Hello, Previously, you were informed that the requested URL 'aptfiles' could not be found on this server. However, it appears to be functioning correctly from your end at present, even without any proxy setup and after refresh attempts. I have encountered occasional connection issues with that site over the past few days, but they seem temporary. If you still encounter problems or require another Red Hat Linux file repository, you may find alternatives in the following list: Matthias Matthias Saou (World Trade Center, Edificio Norte, Planta System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain) - electronic group interactive phone: rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, Harri wrote to you a few days ago about experiencing connection issues with a specific site. However, at the moment, it seems to be working for him. He suggests that if there are any problems in the future, there are other APT repositories available with Red Hat Linux files. He mentioned some local ones like nixia, rpm, gnomehide, and rpmsrc, which had newer GNOME packages when needed. He also mentioned his own repository at work, Orkplace. Additionally, he provided a list of mailing lists for more information: grep, electrocute, scary devil monastery application, pgpsignature, and rpmlist. If you need further clarification, please see the links below: ckwn Regards," }, { "body": "Hi Brian, It seems you're having trouble uninstalling an RPM package. The issue might be due to a conflict or the package manager not recognizing the installed package. Here are some steps you can try: 1. Use the 'rpm -qa' command to list all the installed RPM packages. This will help confirm if the package is indeed installed. 2. If the package appears in the list, but you still cannot uninstall it, try using 'sudo rpm -e --justdb' command. This will remove the database record of the package without actually uninstalling it. Then try reinstalling and uninstalling the package. 3. If none of the above steps work, you may consider reinstalling your RPM database with 'sudo rpm -Va --nofiles --nodigest' command and then try uninstalling again. Hope this helps! Let me know if you still have any trouble." }, { "body": "Dear Mattias, It seems there may be some confusion with your RPM packages. From what I understand, you have an RPM package that you want to uninstall, but the system doesn't recognize it as installed. You mentioned using commands like 'rpm erpm package' and 'rpm ifh preparing rpm package', which might not be the correct approach. To clarify, when you want to uninstall an RPM package, you should use the command 'rpm -e <package-name>' without any version or release details, as the system will automatically find the correct package based on its name. If you're still encountering issues, ensure that the package name you're using is accurate and that there are no typos. Regarding your command 'rpmlist mailing list', I believe you meant to subscribe to the RPM mailing list for further assistance on this matter. You can do so by visiting the corresponding website or following the instructions provided there. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Brian, It seems there might be a misunderstanding regarding how you specify the RPM package for installation and uninstallation. Instead of providing the entire filename, you should use the name and version of the package. For example, if your RPM is 'apg', you would enter 'rpm -e apg' to uninstall it, not 'rpm -e apg rpm'. If you encounter issues like the package already being installed or not found, ensure that the package name is correct and try again. If you continue to experience difficulties, please provide the exact name and version of your RPM for further assistance. Best regards, Rpmlist Mailing List" }, { "body": "Hi there, It seems you're having trouble uninstalling an RPM package. The issue might be that you're including the version information in your commands. To uninstall an RPM package, you should omit the version info and just use the package name. For example: rpm -e packagename. If you've already tried this and it still doesn't work, there might be dependencies preventing the uninstallation. You can try using 'rpm -qa | grep packagename' to verify that the package is indeed installed and check for any dependencies that need to be removed before attempting to uninstall again. Hope this helps! Let me know if you run into any more trouble." }, { "body": "Hello, It appears that you frequently encounter errors when running 'apt update'. The issue might be rooted in the repository itself, your system configuration, or possibly a timeout due to a slow internet connection. The error messages suggest that there may be issues with the headers of the packages being fetched, as indicated by 'bad header line' and 'bad request'. If you are on a slow network, it might help to try the operation at a time when the connection is less busy. If you would like to discuss this further, I am available. In case my response seems overly technical, please let me know if there is any misunderstanding. Regards, " }, { "body": "I have encountered issues with dependencies in my RPM database, which prevents me from using aptget. I attempted to run 'apt-get f install' to resolve these dependencies, but faced errors: root apt-get f install processing file dependencies done reading package lists done building dependency tree done correcting dependencies done The following extra packages will be libgcj. The following new packages will be libgcj. Packages upgraded, newly installed, to remove/replace and not upgraded will be used. However, during the process of unpacking, an error occurred on file sum mismatch. Subprocess binrpm returned an error code. This issue was observed while using rpm list mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I've noticed that you often encounter errors during 'apt update'. This issue might be due to problems with the repository itself, your end, or a timeout in the connection caused by a poor modem. It could also potentially be a 'bad header line' error. However, it is also possible that the problem lies elsewhere. I suggest checking if everything on your end is set up correctly and ensuring a stable internet connection. Regarding the en subdirectory, my system works fine without it, but I'm not sure if it always gives you the same error each time. I don't use a proxy server. Regarding your question about the RPMList mailing list, I am a member of the 'rpmlist' mailing list and work as a System and Network Engineer in the Electronic Group Interactive Phone Department at World Trade Center Edificio Norte, Planta, Barcelona, Spain." }, { "body": "Lance initially reported issues with failed dependencies in RPM database, preventing him from using apt-get. He requested running 'apt-get f install' to resolve these dependencies, but encountered errors: 'unpacking of archive failed on file sum mismatch'. Matthias suggested that the downloaded file may be corrupted and recommended attempting 'apt-get clean' first to remove all downloaded files. This action might solve the problem. The issue concerns the RPMList mailing list and Matthias is a System and Network Engineer based in Barcelona, Spain." }, { "body": "Hello, I encountered an issue with apt-get where I have failed dependencies in the rpm database, preventing me from using apt-get. I tried running 'apt-get f install' to fix these dependencies, but I received errors when executing it: 'unpacking of archive failed on file sum mismatch', and 'subprocess binrpm returned an error code'. Root suggests that the file downloaded by apt may be corrupted. He advises trying 'apt-get clean' to remove all downloaded files first, which might solve the problem. Best regards, Matthias Saou, System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive, rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello, I'm creating an RPM for the Resin webserver and I want to install the entire tarball under a specific directory. However, the tarball contains subdirectories, and in my spec file, I install 'sm name-version-release' under '/usr/local/resin'. Is there a proper way I should handle this? If I wasn't clear, I apologize for any misunderstanding. Regards, Dream Theater RPM mailing list" }, { "body": "On Friday, February , I was thinking about setting up a local APT repository for the main and upgrades from somewhere in addition to my own at work. I've been pondering how to manage a local apt repository from Finland as there doesn't seem to be much public information available on this topic. Would it be possible to share some insights, or at least suggest a starting point? Specifically, I'm interested in using rsync and I was wondering if you have any thoughts on that, or if there are other tools that might be more suitable for this task. I've also been subscribed to the peter-rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Apologies for the confusion earlier. I didn't notice that Reply-to was set to the list instead of the sender, my apologies for any inconvenience caused. I was asking Harri if he could provide some advice on how to build my own APT repository for RHEL updates. There is a tutorial I am following currently, but if you have any other suggestions, I'd be grateful. As for building a local APT repository in Finnish, I couldn't find much public documentation. Could you possibly shed some light on this matter or provide guidance on where to start? Ideally, I would like to use rsync and consider FTP as well, any thoughts on these methods?" }, { "body": "Once upon a time, Peter wrote: On Feb at Harri Haataja, I have a local one for the main and upgrades from somewhere plus my own at work. I've been thinking about setting up a local APT repository myself since I can't find a public one in Finnish. Could you help me out with this, or at least give some advice on how to start? Finnish seems even more complicated than German to me. Mattias, World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain (electronic group interactive phone): rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Apologies for the confusion, it seems I didn't consider the context while sending the previous email. The 'Reply-To' was addressed to the rpmlist mailing list instead of the sender as usual. Can we adjust it to be sent only to the sender?" }, { "body": "Subject: Query regarding APT setup and repository Hi Peter Peltonen and Harri Haataja, I've been contemplating setting up a local APT repository for the main and upgrades from somewhere, in addition to my own at work. I was wondering if you could help me with this, specifically: Is it possible to open up the issue a bit, or rather, how soon would it be appropriate to start discussing a practical approach (for instance, using rsync)? I have a directory tree structure like this: srpmscurrent tRed Hat RPMs rpmscurrent tbase srpmsoRed Hat SRPMS rpmsosbase basedirectories ti throw updates to RPMs and my own stuff with makefile : to testing after each new package To get this to work, you need to create release files (pinch someone else's for example, this can be found under Apache) and put the URL of your keys and all that into the apt conf on the machines on the network, then let 'apt' do its magic. I find Funet mirrors to be very slow, so I usually use TuxFamily for updates. However, when I see errata, I typically also add it to my own one, so the rest of the machines have a shorter path to it. Funet hosts a whole load of mirrors and projects; it used to be the main mirror for Linux, and was one of the big pub FTP sites. If there were a definite APT repository, perhaps they might mirror that as well. However, I doubt Red Hat would be very keen on using APT and forking a distribution doesn't seem like an easy option. Barry also pointed out that the Titanium uses Torque screws instead of Phillips screws, which seems to have little significance, but apparently it interested Barry. This is just something interesting I thought you might find amusing or intriguing. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Peter Peltonen, On Monday, February, I started pondering about how APT behaves when it encounters a newer kernel among the files slated for update. Upon looking at /etc/apt/apt.conf.d, I suspect that the kernel matches with the kernel packages except for those specified by SMP Enterprise. It seems that APT won't perform any actions related to kernels unless explicitly instructed. Upon further reflection, it is possible that the initial statement might not be relevant at all. I typically use 'apt-get install kernel', pick a version from the list, and then install it manually. Has anyone ever attempted a dist-upgrade (say from X to Y)? If not, why hasn't this been tried? However, I have added a netboot mirror to my sources.list and followed the step-by-step installation process, which, for as far as I remember, worked fine. I anticipate that there might be some rpmnew files worth checking, particularly passwd and group, as there seems to have been a group change lock. It's always wonderful to wake up and not know what day it is, isn't it? Best regards, " }, { "body": "Peter originally mentioned that he was curious about how APT reacts when it encounters a newer kernel among files scheduled for update. He suggested checking the etcaptaptconf file for this information, and asked if anyone had attempted a distupgrade (specifically from one version to another). If not, Peter explained that he had performed a distupgrade from one version to a rawhide release that was quite broken, describing it as a mess but faster than doing it manually with rpm. He suggested that updates between stable releases should still be done with the installer since he believes Anaconda performs some configuration migrations in new formats. However, Peter prefers backing up config files and reinstalling a clean system when he has time." }, { "body": "In your message, it appears that Matthias Saou's system skips some packages, and you can find more details about this in the etcaptaptconf file. If I understand correctly, this configuration leaves the list of allowedduppkgs empty to disable duplicates. The packages held from installation are kernel, kernelsmp, kernelenterprise, and kernelsource. However, only kernelsource and kernelheaders are actually held. Since you're unsure about this setup, it would be a good idea to test it on a vanilla system. Please share your thoughts on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I recently installed an RPM and when I tried to upgrade using 'yum update' from my cache, the operation 'preparing' could not be completed. Can you explain what 'dbincomplete' means? Although it appears that the installation seems to have been successful, if I seem superhuman or if there is any misunderstanding regarding my query, please let me know. This is in relation to the RPM list mailing list for Dream Theater." }, { "body": "Hello Mark Derricutt, I hope this message finds you well. I've encountered an issue while trying to upgrade a package using RPM. When I used 'uvh' to prepare from cache and flush, the process was unable to complete. It seems the problem is not with the RPM itself but with the RPM system. The cache appears to have spoiled. I suggest you try removing the directory '/var/lib/rpm/rpmdb' and then the 'rpmlist' mailing list. Regards," }, { "body": "It appears there might be an issue with your RPM system, as it seems the cache has corrupted. I suggest you try removing the variable 'varlibrpmdb' to see if that resolves the problem. If you still encounter issues, it may indicate that the operation was not permitted. This isn't a problem with the specific RPM file, but rather with the RPM system itself. I apologize for any confusion, and please let me know if this doesn't help." }, { "body": "I apologize for any confusion, but there was an issue with a cron job and rpm qf on Wednesday. Mark Derricutt resolved the problem regarding an exclusive lock on 'var/lib/rpm/packages' and could not open packages index using operation not permitted. If I appear superhuman in this message, please understand that it is due to misunderstanding. I am part of the rpmlist mailing list for Dream Theater." }, { "body": "Mark Derricutt, I apologize for any inconvenience but it appears there was an issue with a cron job running 'rpm qf'. However, it seems to be resolved now as of Wednesday. On the same day, Mark Derricutt faced an issue where he couldn't get an exclusive lock on '/var/lib/rpmpackages'. He also encountered a problem when trying to open packages index using operation not permitted. A possible solution suggested was to do a 'rpm rebuilddb'. This issue was discussed on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "I'm sorry for any inconvenience, but it appears that the following packages have unmet dependencies related to openssl although PostgreSQL is installed. However, PostgreSQL was installed from a source other than apt, which may be causing the conflict. To resolve this issue, you might want to try using 'apt-get -f install' or manually installing the required openssl package that provides the necessary compatibility. In addition, you need php-pgsql for PHP to work with PostgreSQL. It seems there is a way to inform apt about packages it should not complain about by maintaining an RPMList on the mailing list 'peter rpmlist'. I hope this helps!" }, { "body": "Dear Peter Peltonen, I'm sorry to inform you that the following packages have unmet dependencies related to openssl, although PostgreSQL and its php extension are installed correctly. This issue seems to be due to string parsing inconsistencies in the package names. If this can be fixed by removing the explicit reference to openssl in the package, I believe the automatic binary handler will select the appropriate libraries. Unfortunately, I haven't encountered a package similar to OpenSSL that does not explicitly provide compatibility. In the worst case, I suggest they bump the major version if it proves incompatible. Since you have PostgreSQL installed from source, there might be some unmet dependencies causing this issue. If you know of specific packages (like JDK, imlib, kernel dri version, etc.) that you don't want APT to complain about, you can create dummy packages with a verbose warning attached, explicitly providing those capabilities or claiming to do so. If you prefer a gradual approach, could you start by trying to sign your applications using the PGP signature? For more information on this, please see the end of this email for resources. If you require further assistance, don't hesitate to ask. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Peter Peltonen, I'm writing regarding the issue with the packages you mentioned on February 06. The packages in question have unmet OpenSSL dependencies, but PostgreSQL is installed and functioning correctly. However, it seems that the system cannot recognize the compatibility between the installed OpenSSL and the required OpenSSH package. I suspect this could be a matter of string parsing, and if someone were to fix the OpenSSH package by removing the explicit version requirement, the automatic binary handler should be able to install the correct libraries. Unfortunately, I haven't encountered an OpenSSH package that behaves in this manner, and in the worst case, I've had different OpenSSL libraries causing issues. Strangely, all my OpenSSH packages don't explicitly require a specific version of OpenSSL. Regarding your OpenSSH version, it would be helpful to know if it is an official Red Hat package. If not, using Red Hat RPMs might solve this problem. For the OpenSSL dependencies in Red Hat packages, I've found that they only depend on certain files and not on the OpenSSL version. Kind regards, Matthias Matthias Saou System and Network Engineer Barcelona, Spain Electronic Group Interactive Phone : rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Govind Salinas, It appears that you are experiencing issues with aptget, specifically related to errors during an update operation. The error message suggests a problem with the dequeueing of fetching objects within the system. This could be due to various reasons such as network connectivity problems, corrupted package files or inconsistencies in the repository data. I recommend trying these troubleshooting steps: 1. Restart your system and try running apt-get update again. 2. Check your internet connection and ensure it is stable during the update process. 3. Clear the apt cache using the command 'sudo apt-get clean'. 4. Reinstall Aptitude package manager (if you have it installed) using 'sudo apt-get install aptitude' and run 'aptitude update' instead of 'apt-get update'. If this resolves your issue, consider making aptitude the default package manager. 5. If none of the above steps help, consider checking the repository settings or updating to the latest version of your OS distribution. If you continue to face issues or require further assistance, please do not hesitate to ask. I hope this helps resolve your problem. Best regards. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "On Wednesday, February, Harri Haataja installed an OpenSSH version I haven't encountered before. In the worst-case scenario, I have had different OpenSSL libraries, and I find it confusing as to why they can't just bump a major version if it's incompatible. Since I have created dummy packages with verbose warnings attached that explicitly provide those capabilities or claim to do so, could you guide me on how to make such packages using the rpmlist mailing list?" }, { "body": "It seems that your OpenSSH packages do not explicitly require a version of OpenSSL. Regarding the version of OpenSSH you have, it's not clear if it is an official Red Hat package. Since it appears that using Red Hat RPMs may solve your problem and it comes directly from the OpenSSH site, I assume it isn't part of the Red Hat upgrade you mentioned. However, as you don't have physical access to the box and downgrading SSH packages over SSH doesn't seem like a good idea, I would recommend considering a different approach. If possible, you could try to access the server remotely using another method or ask someone with physical access to perform the downgrade for you." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, It appears that Peter was discussing an issue with OpenSSH packages not explicitly requiring a version of OpenSSL. He mentioned that he is using Red Hat and was wondering if you were also using it, and whether the OpenSSH package in your system is an official one or not. He suggests that using Red Hat's RPMs might solve his problem. However, he notes that the OpenSSH package from Red Hat doesn't ship with OpenSSH, which leads him to consider downgrading to the version provided by Red Hat. But since he doesn't have physical access to the box, he can't do this directly. He also mentions that uninstalling all OpenSSH related packages while connected through SSH works, although there is a risk of being stuck if the connection drops. He then suggests that a simple upgrade with official Red Hat packages could work as well." }, { "body": "On February 16th, to Harri Haataja, I've been experimenting with JDK imlib kernel DRI version and have created dummy RPM packages for certain capabilities. However, I'm concerned about potential issues during software updates as these dummy packages might get updated and overwrite the source installation. I was thinking that perhaps there could be a way to do this without making a dummy package using Apt-get or rpmlist mailing list. Is there something like 'no-depends' kind of switch in Apt-get, similar to how RPM lists work? Best regards," }, { "body": "Regarding aptconf, you've mentioned a list of RPM packages that are left empty to disable them. To hold all kernel packages, you can use the following syntax: 'apt-mark hold kernel*'. This command will hold all packages whose names start with 'kernel'. The term 'kernel' here refers to the Linux kernel and its associated packages." }, { "body": "In regards to your message about aptconf, the RPM leave list contains packages such as 'kernel', 'kernelsmp', 'kernelenterprise' among others. To hold all kernel packages, you can use a similar syntax like 'kernel'. However, it seems that the term 'kernel' may refer to more than just these packages in this context. Regular expressions might interpret 'kernel' as matching only 'kernel' and nothing more, but 'kernelsmp', 'kernelenterprise' are also considered kernel packages in an RHEL system. Packages like 'kernelheaders', 'kernelboot', and 'kerneldoc' would not be matched if it simply said 'kernel'. If you want to hold all these kernel packages, you should ensure that 'kernel' includes the aforementioned package names." }, { "body": "Dear Mathias, I appreciate your efforts and the work you've done. However, I would like to bring to your attention that the focus of this list seems to be shifting towards apt, rather than rpm. The discussions about apt are dominating, which is making it challenging for those dealing with issues related to aptrpm. While I acknowledge that aptrpm is a valuable tool, I don't use it myself and would prefer to discuss new packages and RPM building techniques. It might be beneficial to consider establishing another list specifically for aptrpm discussions. Looking forward to your understanding." }, { "body": "Hello, I am writing to acknowledge your previous message regarding the shift of focus from the rpmlist to the aptrpmlist. You raised a valid point about the overwhelming discussion on apt, and I appreciate your suggestion for another list for those having trouble with aptrpm. While I agree that aptrpm is a valuable tool, I do not personally use it and would like to return to discussions about new packages and RPM building techniques. You also mentioned that there has been little activity on the aptlist for some time now. Though you intended to keep this list for aptrpm discussions related to server-side mirrors and repository building, it could serve as a platform for general aptrpm questions. I hope this proves helpful. Best regards, Matthias Saou World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer Barcelona, Spain eGroup Interactive Phone : rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I will be departing this evening and won't have access to any computer until next Monday. So, don't worry if there's a new release during that time, as it might not be updated quickly despite my previous efforts to repackage the latest Hackedbox which was released today. Have fun! I will return on Monday. Matthias Saou, World Trade Center Edificio Norte, Planta System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive Phone." }, { "body": "Dear All, I will be away from today evening until next Monday without access to any computer during this period. I'm very much looking forward to it! The network issue here for an hour was driving me up the wall. Enjoy your week, Chris Kloiber." }, { "body": "Dear RPMList Members, I am writing to inform you that I have repackaged the latest version of Hackedbox and it was released today. Enjoy exploring it! I'll be here enjoying it as well since I have recently recompiled GNOME. Have a great time! Regards, Matthias" }, { "body": "Chris recently emailed to inform everyone that he will be leaving tonight and won't return until next Monday, meaning he'll have no computer access during this period. The network downtime of an hour here left him restless, and he can't stand being disconnected, whether at work or home. He had planned on doing something requiring network access, but the pressure from work has almost driven him crazy all summer. With six days ahead without computers, Chris won't be miserable or bored; instead, he'll enjoy driving his Bandit roadster bike and reading the Lord of the Rings books (he still needs to finish the first one and read the other two). He also looks forward to drinking beer with friends during his holiday. Chris is delighted to finally take a break this year." }, { "body": "There is a severe shortage of sequencers at the moment. I would prefer to have this running on my primary machine which runs Irix, but I might try to handle that myself. All software and hardware sucks – even my vacuum cleaner, it never listens! (Tanuki, the raccoon-dog, is a scary devil) - Regards, (for RPMList mailing list)" }, { "body": "Hello, I'm making a rare announcement. I've rebuilt a new ALSAPlayer package, modeled after AngleSharp's version. I believe this is the final iteration of the ALSA driver and ALSKernel packages as they address all known SMP build issues. You can find them here: https://link-to-packages. I've also repackaged GKrellm, with a standalone server package that doesn't require the main installation. Additionally, my latest ProFTPD package includes some exciting new features, such as support for LDAP, MySQL, and PostgreSQL databases. When you rebuild the source RPM with rpmbuild, you can enable desired extra authentication methods. All package requirements are set accordingly, and the release tag is changed too. I plan to use this more often, especially where possible. Some of my other packages already utilize it, such as xmame for its output targets, sqlrelay for its modules, and my latest Sylpheed, Claws-Mail spec to enable pilot support. As always, feedback and comments are welcome. Here's the usual place: Red Hat Linux release Valhalla running Linux Kernel LOAD: ACOne online battery rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, regarding Matthias Saou's email, I believe I will utilize Switch more frequently wherever applicable. I have also been considering this idea myself. Do you have any good suggestions for documenting these targets and their descriptions? I will share my thoughts on the ikiwiki-rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm back from my holidays and hope you are well! I think I will be using Switch more often from now on. I've encountered a few issues while trying to get the Redhat Samba Packager to do the same thing I have been doing. One of the problems was hashing out things for other uses. Regarding the kernel, I still haven't found an easy way to rebuild it without having to wait for an hour for it to generate headers for all arch. It's quite frustrating! (arrghhh). I've posted my concerns on the lee rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Once upon a time, Clee wrote: I think I will use this more frequently with Switch where possible - great stuff! Now, to get the Red Hat Samba packager to do the same thing, I'm sure that if you file a bugzilla entry with a relevant patch against the spec file, the chances of getting the change done are on your side. I have used their spec file and found a few problems in it, one of which was hashing out things for other uses. Now, to tackle the kernel, I'm still struggling to find an easy way to rebuild it without having to wait an hour for it to generate headers for all arch - arrghh! The problem is that the way a package is built isn't meant to be changed deeply. Its use would be more like enabling/disabling gpg, LDAP, whatever SQL support in packages. Unfortunately, using something like 'with' for a wider scope isn't possible with Red Hat Linux RPM packages." }, { "body": "Matthias Saou has rebuilt a new ALSAPlayer package, based on Angle's ONEless, as it is easier to maintain. An intriguing aspect of ALSAPlayer is that it plays media files out-of-the-box, whereas Red Hat's XMMS package may not. Furthermore, the development team at ALSAPlayer is progressing rapidly in their CVS, and their next version seems promising. However, I am unaware when this new version will be available." }, { "body": "I was thinking about increasing SylpheedClaws' priority. I noticed that Sylpheed has received a boost, so let's show some 'claws' too! Best regards, Jesse Keating, Mondo DevTeam" }, { "body": "Angles Puglisi is rapidly progressing with their CVS, and it appears that the next version of Alsaplaer will be quite intriguing. However, I'm not certain about its release date, as I was unaware that they had already launched the new angle (in geometry context) for the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Previously, Jesse mentioned considering an upgrade for SylpheedClaws as he noticed Sylpheed received an update. However, in the SylpheedClaws branch, you need to wait for developers to backport all updates from the main branch before a release with the same version number can occur. Currently, the latest Claws release is still ongoing. Since it serves as your primary mailer, you can rest assured that an update will be made once it's been updated. Matthias maintains clean custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for this software. The Red Hat Linux release 'Valhalla' runs on a Linux kernel load, and it's associated with the AC Online battery rpm list." }, { "body": "Hello, It seems that there may be some confusion regarding the use of codecs with MPlayer. It appears that the documentation still suggests using them for certain architectures, but I was wondering if there might be licensing issues or other reasons preventing such a practice. I have noticed performance and feature differences when it comes to fullscreen playback on Nvidia graphics cards, particularly regarding visual artifacts. The MPlayer authors seem to recommend using codecs for specific architectures, but I may be mistaken as I am not an expert in MPlayer codecs. Is there perhaps a reason why this is suggested, or should these codecs be avoided? Best regards, Axel Thimm" }, { "body": "Dear All, Axel Thimm previously asked if anyone knew why the mplayer documentation still recommends using codecs for certain architectures. Axel mentioned that his avifile build can run with the default ffmpeg's ffdivx decoder, and he has been satisfied with this for most divx files. However, he noted that some files encoded with a peculiar divx sound format still require the use of codecs. He also stated that he hasn't observed any quality or speed improvements when using these codecs. Axel inquired if there were perhaps licensing issues or other reasons that prohibit such practices. His question arises from his observations of performance and feature differences, specifically fullscreen viewing without keeping the aspect ratio and visual artifacts on Nvidia, comparing with and without the use of codecs. Axel clarified that he is not an expert in mplayer-codecs, and he might be lost. He was referring to custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages: Red Hat Linux release Valhalla running a Linux kernel load AC Online battery RPM mailing list." }, { "body": "I recently discovered a well-designed repository for various audio apps, located at angles (in geometry context). Mathias Saou, Peter, and Angles Puglisi have rebuilt a new ALSAPlayer package, modeled after the original one. This is beneficial because it means less work in maintaining one package. One notable aspect of ALSAPlayer is that while Red Hat's XMMS package may not play files, ALSAPlayer does so without any issues right out of the box. They are also actively developing their software, and it appears that the next version of ALSAPlayer will be quite impressive, although I am uncertain as to when it will be released. This is discussed on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "On Friday, Sep , Matthias Saou updated something. Since it's my primary email, you can be confident that I will update my build as soon as the changes are reflected. The updates have already been made by Jesse Keating on Monday. I found the Mondo Devteam to be helpful regarding this issue. I will also inform others through the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "I need to conduct some tests involving the removal of my advanced cut-pastecode, which appears to be a historical artifact from early versions of Tk and Emacs cutbuffer, among other oddities. You can achieve this by modifying seditbindtcl appropriately. I've been encountering issues with marking text in an exmh message window and pasting it into a terminal window. The cut buffer seems to be empty, and the previous contents are no longer there either. Brent admitted recently that he had attempted to manipulate the x models of copy and paste, although not in those exact words. I struggle with copying and pasting from or to exmh across a VNC link, particularly when dealing with items in the VNCViewer and things outside it. As long as I stick to apps displayed on my X server, I don't have many problems. My recollection from my X programming days is that the x model, like everything in X, is more complex than the human brain can handle. It also appears that Tk attempts to unify these two models and fails. I'm not certain what the exmh-specific contribution to the confusion is. This email is being sent to the Hal exmhusers mailing list, Brent Welch (Software Architect, Panasas Inc), pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "Here is a rephrased version of your email: The functionality you are referring to is outlined in these lines, more commonly known as textselectionTcl. This is the procedure that exmh uses to locate text for pasting. However, there seems to be an issue with the last cutbuffer get, as exmh saves its own deletions in a lesser-known stash and might be the only application on Earth still using this method. We should probably look into disabling this feature. Everything flows through this spot, so you just need to tweak it here to resolve your issue. Rick Baartman, I've never quite grasped the mouse buffer operation with exmh either. Here is my behavior: I have windows for exmh, xemacs, a terminal, and enlightenment as WM open. If I select text in the exmh window while it is highlighted, I can paste it into anything else. However, if I deselect it by clicking so the highlighting disappears, then what I paste is not the recently selected text in exmh but an old selection. This behavior is acceptable except for one additional issue: If nothing is highlighted, what I paste into exmh is different from what I paste into other windows. To elaborate, if nothing is highlighted in any application, xemacs pastes whatever was last selected unless it was last selected in exmh; xterm behaves the same as xemacs; abiword, nedit, and sedit paste nothing; however, sedit pastes whatever was last highlighted in sedit and overwritten. This needs some clarification: If I highlight something in sedit, obviously that's what gets pasted. However, if the highlighting is off, what gets pasted is not what was last highlighted in sedit but what was last highlighted and then typed over. It appears that exmh and sedit are behaving inconsistently. Often, when I try to paste something in sedit, I find myself muttering 'wtf' Rick. Exmh users mailing list, Brent Welch (Software Architect, Panasas Inc.), pioneering the world's most scalable and agile storage network." }, { "body": "In his book, Hal Devore Brent mentioned that while the paste function can be convenient, it can be confusing for users who primarily understand the clipboard. This is because they need to keep track of the difference between two selections. It's best to have separate user actions for pasting each selection. The convention is that the 'set insert point and insert primary selection' action (often triggered by a key event like the paste key) simply inserts the clipboard selection at the current insert point. I learned this from experiencing the distress of EXMH users. If you search for 'bind' in seditbind, you'll quickly find the textselection proc I mentioned earlier. Brent Welch, Software Architect at Panasas Inc., is a pioneer in creating the world's most scalable and agile storage network. This discussion originated from the EXMH users mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi All, I've observed that Kevin Oberman's issue was resolved for him, but I am hesitant to attribute it as a TkTcl issue since other apps seemed to work fine with cut and paste. Tk handles the clipboard differently compared to most toolkits, so I'm not pointing fingers just reporting my experience. In X and cutpaste X, there are at least two mechanisms specified for cut and paste, but as usual, no clear policy is mandated. Windows and Macintosh have a slightly different mechanism and one uniform policy. I am quite sure that Tk implements all primary and clipboard selections accurately. The primary selection is tied to the visible selection on your X display, while the clipboard selection is the same as what you have on Windows and Macintosh. However, exmh includes support for the cutbuffer mechanism, another archaic mechanism that was perhaps still in use by some versions of Emacs. exmh has a policy that aims to unify all these mechanisms under one umbrella, and based on reports, it's not great. I encourage everyone to experiment with the textselection lines of code and share what works well for them. We might discover settings that work for everyone or perhaps introduce another setting that allows users to choose between a few useful models. This is an admission of policy failure, but I am willing to do that. Best, Brent Welch, Software Architect, Panasas Inc - Pioneering the World's Most Scalable and Agile Storage Network" }, { "body": "I would like to encourage users to experiment with the code related to TextSelection and share what works best for them. We might find common solutions or even introduce new settings that allow users to choose from useful models. However, I must admit that there seems to be an issue with our current system, although it works perfectly fine for me, except for one problem: a button click clears the primary selection where it shouldn't. The previous selection should only be cleared when there is something else to replace it, even if the highlighting of the selected text disappears. This issue can be observed in various applications, not just EXMH. In most other applications, there is no mouse-based method to intentionally clear the primary selection, which remains as a null string until asked for its value. If you click with the intention of setting the insert point, followed by paste, the primary selection still belongs to EXMH because nothing else has taken it. As a result, EXMH finds some random data from either the clipboard or cut buffer and pastes that instead. This behavior, I believe, is the real issue that needs to be addressed. Once this is fixed, we can return to the standard click-at-new-insert-point-paste mode of operation that most users expect." }, { "body": "I have updated to the latest CVS. When I run a build from June and click on the 'flist' button, I am encountering a syntax error in expression while executing 'expr g procedure ftocfindmsg'. This issue seems to only happen in a folder with no unseen messages. It appears that the problem could be related to your recent changes. I made changes to the arguments of ftocshowsequences to drop the folder argument and instead have an optional msgids argument. However, it seems that your version of scanfolder is still trying to pass the folder argument. I am using the latest ftoctcl but not the latest scantcl. I'm not sure how this happened, but I suggest updating your source tree completely. Let me know if you need further assistance." }, { "body": "I apologize for the confusion. It appears that during the installation, I wasn't careful and the 'exmhlibrary' variable was pointing to my old installation. Remarkably, it functioned better than expected. I've since removed the old library directory and edited 'exmh', 'exmhbg', 'exmhstrip' among others, to point to the correct one. However, now I'm encountering another traceback: 'cant read no such variable while executing mhseq'. This error occurred during the execution of 'mhseq folder seq add mhprivpubseqfolderseq mhseqexpand folder msgids procedure mhreadseqs'. I'm currently working remotely and it's rather slow. I'll investigate further when I get home tonight to see if there are any other issues. In the meantime, I've updated to the latest CVS. Pressing the 'flist' button now gives a syntax error in expression while executing 'expr g procedure ftocfindmsg'. This problem seems to occur only in a folder with no unseen messages. Chris, is this issue related to your recent changes? If so, you might have missed updating some components of Scantcl. Please ensure your source tree is fully up-to-date." }, { "body": "Dear Scott Lipcon, I have just updated to the latest CVS and I'm encountering a syntax error while executing the 'expr g procedure ftocfindmsg' in the 'ftocshowsequences' procedure. This issue seems to only happen when there are no unseen messages in the folder. It appears that my recent changes might be related to this problem. I have changed the arguments to 'ftocshowsequences' to drop the folder argument and instead have an optional msgids argument, but your version of scanfolder is still trying to pass the folder. You seem to have the latest ftoctcl but not the latest scantcl. It seems that the source tree might not be fully up-to-date. Please update your source tree completely and let's see if the problem persists. Regards, Chris Garrigues" }, { "body": "Dear Scott Lipcon, I apologize for the confusion earlier today regarding the EXMH library. It appears that I was not careful during installation, causing the exmhLibrary variable to point at my old installation. Remarkably, it functioned better than expected! To resolve the issue, I removed the old library directory and edited exmh, exmhbg, exmhstrip, etc., to direct them towards the correct one. However, I'm now encountering another traceback error: 'cannot read no such variable' while executing mhseq folder seq add mhprivpubseqfolderseq mhseqexpand folder msgids procedure mhreadseqs line invoked from within mhreadseqs folder seqs procedure mhsequences line invoked from within mhsequences folder procedure flistunseenupdate line invoked from within flistunseenupdate folder procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange family msgshow cur invoked from within time list folderchange folder msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange exmhfolder procedure exmh line invoked from within exmh after script family. I believe the folder I was in when I quit EXMH should not have been able to happen, but I've made some adjustments to the code to make it slightly more robust. If you need any further assistance, please let me know. Best regards, Chris Garrigues Vircio Congress Suite Austin, TX" }, { "body": "Scott Lipcon, I have returned home and found the current copy of EXMH less than ideal. I've been running it from CVS on Sunday night, with the only change being the one you made this morning in mhreadseqs for bulletproofing. Upon running EXMH, I can visibly see it count up the number of unseen messages as it looks through the folders. This takes a few seconds to complete, especially for folders in the fcache, which turn blue once done. However, it seems to be considering more than just unseen messages, causing a delay in the background to build the sequences window. There may be some tuning possible in this area. In my Inbox, unread messages are white and have normal colored font. I changed the default display of unseen messages from a foreground of blue to a white background to make it easier to see other sequences' unseen messages. I did ask Brent before doing this if you prefer the old behavior, but the old lines are still in appdefaultscolor, commented out. When I click on a message, I receive an error saying 'invalid command name mhmarkseen while executing mhmarkseen exmhfolder msgid'. This is due to your hookmsgshowupdateunseen which is calling a function that no longer exists. I suspect you need seqdel exmhfolder unseen msgid instead of mhmarkseen exmhfolder msgid. The message does seem to be marked as seen once it loses the white background, but nmh reports the same. If I click on the flist button, it zeros the unseen count and then there is again a visible delay as it counts up all the unseen messages. My installation seems fine now, but if this behavior is just really strange, I'll reinstall everything to be sure. I am comfortable enough using nmh and am willing to help track this down." }, { "body": "Scott Lipcon, the issue seems to be regarding the slow rescanning of sequences. This problem is particularly noticeable when hitting the 'flist' button or during background flist operation. The system you're using (Athlon RAM RPM Ultra SCSI disk) is fast, so the delay might not be due to system speed but rather a change in the code that now updates each folder count individually instead of all at once. I doubt I will have much time for coding soon, but if I do, I would appreciate your suggestions for optimization. If not, perhaps we could add preferences to disable some of the more resource-intensive features. Specifically, I'd like to disable all sequence support except for 'unseen', and maintain reasonable speed. I believe that people on slow machines may find the current state unusable. The problem appears to be with your hookmsgshowupdateunseen which is calling a function that no longer exists. It seems you need seqdel exmhfolder unseen msgid now instead of mhmarkseen exmhfolder msgid. I'm not sure if this will be necessary with the new sequence code, but it might. Yes, the new code commits sequences immediately unlike the old code." }, { "body": "The proposed solution is to code a menu item that marks all messages before the current one as read, specifically in Exmh mailing lists. This would help you manage heavy traffic mailing lists better by allowing you to read only a subset of list messages without losing track of your place within a particular folder. Here's a rough idea of how this could be implemented: 1. Add a menu entry for the function, which can be done easily. Place this in your :all section. 2. Provide the source code for the function and arrange for Exmh to include it. You can put it in your tkexmh directory or in pickpatch if you enable the source hook under prefshacking support. 3. The implementation would look something like this (based on the guts of pickmarkseen): ```bash global exmh pick msg exmhstatus clearing unseen up to cur red mhsetcur exmhfolder msgid set pickids get message ids for pick busy pickmarkseen exmhstatus ok blue ``` 4. You will need to fill in the code for the 'get' section, which I was unable to complete due to time constraints. 5. Once implemented, you may encounter issues with recent changes as this is somewhat untested." }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, Here's a proposed solution that I believe will significantly improve FTOCShowSequences functionality. The enhancement allows FTOCShowSequences to be called with an optional list of msgids for updating. If called this way, it only removes or adds tags for the specified messages. In places like msgchange, we would only update the messages that have changed. Additionally, a separate FTOCShowSequence function should be written, which updates the display of one sequence and takes an optional list of msgids. In situations like msgchange, it would only need to update the current sequence if no other modifications are made. I will implement this change upon my return. I have tested this modification and it has significantly improved speed; latency has dropped and we are back in good shape again. Well done, Anders. Best Regards," }, { "body": "It appears that over the last few weeks, there has been a change in a folder named 'msgs'. When messages in that folder are marked as current (read) and then changed to another folder, they briefly show up as unread before changing back to 'ncurrent'. This behavior is somewhat annoying because it marks messages as read. Additionally, it seems to be happening on the exim4 mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that there has been a change in a folder 'msgs' during the past few weeks. The issue seems to be that messages are being incorrectly marked as 'current' for a brief moment when changing folders, which marks them as read even though they have not been read. I haven't seen exactly what you described, but I have noticed something similar. I will need to investigate further to identify and fix the bug. It seems that there is an issue with the message being incorrectly highlighted as 'current' possibly related to the current message in another folder rather than the actual message itself." }, { "body": "I am sending a patch for Exmh, which addresses my concern about it caching my PGP passphrases. I have added code to allow for the use of an external tool like Quintuple Agent to store passphrases instead. The attached patch is against Debian version and modifies the files extrasinittcl and pgpexectcl. Three new preferences in the general PGP section have been added, allowing users to utilize their preferred external tool to retrieve passphrases. Everything that spits out the phrase on stdout is acceptable. I hope someone with CVS access finds this worth adding. Apart from that, I'm open to suggestions, comments, or critique. Please note that I'm not exactly a TCL expert, so my code may have areas for improvement. Regards, Alexander Zangerl." }, { "body": "I will need to test it with a different window manager and see if I can get exmh to confine it within reasonable boundaries. I don't encounter this issue with any other windows, but just the unseen exmh window. As an alternative, could we enable the 'show unseen message count in folder cache' option? This feature displays the number of unseen messages next to each folder name if there are more than a few. Therefore, you might not need the unseen window unless you're using more sequences than just unseen." }, { "body": "On Fri, Sep , Paul Menage wrote that you don't really need the 'unseen window' unless you're using more sequences than just 'unseen'. He suggests using a virtual window manager and keeping the main exmh window and the detached folder list on one virtual desktop. However, the 'unseen window' should be set to show on all desktops. He clarified that he didn't provide help for the problems but just explained why some users find the 'unseen window' invaluable." }, { "body": "Dear User, I hope this message finds you well. I'm writing in response to your recent email regarding Exmh, specifically the issue with unseen messages not being visible in certain folders. It appears that this feature has disappeared within your window manager and you can't seem to locate it. You mentioned that you're using Enlightenment with a virtual desktop. You've tried dropping it to only one screen, but the issue persists. I understand that this might not be helpful in your current situation, but I thought I should mention it. Recently, you discovered that pressing Alt+MiddleMouse brings up a list of all your windows. However, when you leave your mouse on the background, it seems to move your mouse to the edge of a window and centers it on an offscreen window. This issue only occurs with the Exmh unseen window, not any other windows. You mentioned that you'll try this with another window manager to see if you can get Exmh to behave as expected. I hope this helps in your troubleshooting efforts. Best regards, Exmhusers Mailing List" }, { "body": "I've rephrased your email to make it clearer and more concise. Here is the revised version: Dear Exmh Users, I encountered an issue with the 'exmhunseen' window in my current setup, where it exceeds the defined boundaries. I don't face this problem with any other windows, only with the exmhunseen window. To help you identify unread messages more easily, consider enabling the 'Show Unseen Message Count in Folder Cache' option, which displays the number of unread messages next to each folder name if necessary. However, I prefer keeping the unseen window visible across all virtual desktops even when the main window is minimized. Unfortunately, I couldn't find this specific preference option, and I am running version 'creaky'. I discovered an issue with my Enlightenment window manager causing the problem. The settings file for Enlightenment had my exmhunseen window shaded and placed off-screen, making it very small. After some investigation, I found entries related to the unseen window in the file: 'exmhexmh', 'exmh', 'unseenunseenwin', 'unseen', and 'pagerleftblue'. Restarting Enlightenment and then Exmh resolved the issue. I learned that this was an Enlightenment problem, not an Exmh one. I wonder how it got mixed up initially. I cannot intentionally move a window off-screen, unless it was partially over and then snapped off-screen when shading. This is strange, but hopefully, this information will be useful to someone searching the archives in the future. Thank you for your suggestions, and here's hoping that this issue helps someone in the future." }, { "body": "After tinkering with the exmh TCL and experimenting a bit, I've managed to get the 'catchup unseen messages before cur' procedure working. Here's the code for everyone's reference, along with the list archives in case anyone needs it in the future. I must thank John R Loverso for guiding me on the right path. To utilize this script, insert it into your tkexmh directory, run 'automkindex' on it, and add the following lines to your ketchup catchup all before current: Ted Cabeen Check website or keyserver for my PGP public key (pgp key ID) as I have taken all knowledge to be my province." }, { "body": "Here is the code for everyone and the list archives, should it be added to CVS in the future? I vote yes. Please let me know if there are any objections on the alexmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Here is the rephrased email: 'Dear Team, Attached is the code for everyone, as well as the list archives. In case anyone needs it in the future, this will be a useful resource. I propose that we add this to CVS. If there are any objections, please let me know. However, I suggest modifying the name of the procedure from 'ted cabeen'. You can find my PGP key on the website or keyserver for verification.' Best, ' Regards," }, { "body": "I vote for this proposed addition to CVS, with no objections. However, I find the use of 'pickmarkseen' and 'pickids' as an alternative to 'seqdel exmhfolder mhprofileunseensequence' unnecessary. In essence, pickmarkseen does what can already be achieved via 'busy'. The same criticism applies to 'pickmarkseen', which, despite its name, has no connection with 'pick' other than the misuse of the 'pickids' variable in the same way. Changing its name would be difficult due to its recognition in appdefaults files for the 'catch up unseen menu item'. Nevertheless, I believe its implementation could be improved." }, { "body": "I apologize for not staying current with the code changes for some time now. I'm currently trying to address the issues and differences that have arisen. It appears that the 'Unseen Window' has been replaced with the 'Sequences Window', although I appreciate the flexibility of the Sequences Window, the Unseen Window held significant importance for me due to its small size and ability to be set to display on all desktops in a virtual window manager without taking up much space. Since my normal mode of operation involves two copies of exmh displayed on a VNC session screen space is at a premium. As things stand now, I have a Sequences Window that shows a lot more information than I need to have handy and takes up a lot more room than I can spare. I could like the new Sequences Window for certain operations, but I prefer a clean, uncluttered tiny window that only shows me info on my unread mail. One possibility that occurs to me would be a button or mouse click that shrinks the Sequences Window to show only the sequences in the 'Always Show List' and of course a way to expand it back. I hope this suggestion is helpful. Looking forward to your responses on the hlexmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "I encountered a problem with the binding 'bindingskeyflistfindunseen incpresortfinish' in my 'exmhbindings' after updating to the current code in CVS. Now, when I press the 'f' key, I get a 'bad key f' error. However, I can open the bindings commands window and define the binding, which works until I restart exmh. I suspect there might be a parsing issue. I'll look into this tomorrow unless someone knows where the problem might be. If you have any insights, please share on the 'hal exmhworkers mailing list'." }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I have been experiencing an issue with my exmh bindings after updating to the current code in CVS. When I hit the 'f' key, I get a 'bad key f' error. However, if I open the bindings commands window and define the binding, it works until I restart exmh. I suspect this might be a parsing problem. I will try to look into this tomorrow, unless someone knows where the issue might lie. It appears that flistfindunseen has changed to flistfindseqs in the updated code. It takes the same arguments but I changed the name because it now looks for all sequences, not just unseen ones. Best regards, " }, { "body": "One idea that came to mind is implementing a button or mouse click function that minimizes the Sequences window, displaying only the sequences in the 'Always show list'. To expand it back would also be necessary. This seems like a good idea, but I'm unsure if I'll be able to work on it soon as there's a known bug that I haven't been able to address yet. Chris Garrigues (Vircio Congress Suite, Austin, TX) - Discussion about 'World War: The Wrongdoers vs The Evildoers' Application" }, { "body": "I am experiencing a few minor issues with exmh and I'm unsure if these are related to exmh itself or my setup. First, when I try to start exmh with 'wish', it takes forever to launch, but starting it with 'wish' from another location starts immediately using the latest cvs. Second, when I open exmh and navigate to a folder containing unread messages, instead of moving to the first unread message in the current folder, it jumps to the next folder with unread messages. Lastly, when I reach the end of the messages in a folder and move on to the next unread message, exmh always goes back to the Inbox which has no unread messages, rather than moving to the next folder with unread messages. However, if I go to 'next' from the Inbox, it does go where I would expect it to go. I wanted to share these observations and find out if my expectations are incorrect. Thank you for your hard work on exmh." }, { "body": "Chris Garrigues, I have a vague idea about when I might be able to attend to it. The phrase 'hell freezes over' seems more plausible at the moment, but whenever you need me will certainly work. Thank you for your patience in the meantime. I've adjusted the minimum entry lines so it won't prompt me to revert back to the old version." }, { "body": "Subject: Issues with Exmh on my system I've encountered some issues when using Exmh on my system. 1. When I run Exmh with wish from one location, it seems to take forever to start, but with wish from another location, it starts in a snap. This might be an issue with the piggy code in the flist, as flist in general is taking seconds which is interesting. 2. When I open Exmh and navigate to a folder that has unseen messages, hitting 'next' changes the focus to the next folder with unseen messages rather than the first unseen in the current folder. This appears to be weirdness. 3. When I reach the end of the messages in a folder and go on to the next unseen, Exmh always goes back to the Inbox which has no unseen messages. Instead, it should move to the next folder with unseen messages. However, when I go to 'next' from the Inbox, it does go where I would expect it to. 4. I usually observe this issue with the Inbox, but it's also been stuck on some other folders as well. 5. I use Procmail for rcvstore into folders and have noticed this behavior with Exmh. Valdis Kletnieks, Senior Engineer at Virginia Tech, is using a similar application (pgpsignature not included in the description). Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I have made a change to my email client settings from 'flistfindunseen' to 'flistfindseqsi'. It seems I was more sleepy than I thought and inadvertently pasted the wrong content into the bindings definition dialog without noticing that it differs from what is in my exmhbindings file. Can you point me towards a freeware Tcl/Tk debugger? Also, would you be able to provide information about the 'exmhworkers' mailing list where I can discuss further issues related to this email client? Best, " }, { "body": "It appears that restarting EXMH was likely unnecessary for the future. Next time, try clicking on the folder name in the sequences window for the sequence that is requested. If the sequence does not exist, it will be cleaned up automatically. It might be nicer if flist could perform this task as well, but this method seems effective enough for kre. This has been discussed on the EXMH workers mailing list." }, { "body": "It seems I accidentally saved a draft of my email last night and didn't send it. I haven't had a chance to look into it today, but I have updated the code using 'pickmarkseen' and 'pickids' as an alternative to 'robert seqdel'. I've also pulled down the latest from CVS and am running with it. However, I miss the blue FToc lines which I will sort out soon, as per Chris's suggestion that it's a simple resource change. Ted and I were not particularly up-to-date, but I have fixed most of Chris's code. It appears to be working now, except for the highlighting on the FToc which I will address later. If anyone has any suggestions or clues about fixing this issue, feel free to share. Additionally, I found that my sequences are rather cluttered and plan to tidy them up. I'll keep you updated." }, { "body": "Dear Dag Nygren, I understand that you've successfully configured Procmail to ring a bell whenever a new email arrives in your inbox, excluding mailing list spams. Now, your requirements have expanded as you frequently use your laptop remotely and wish the bell to sound when you are connected. You've attempted to use the KDE Remote Sound Server, but it works only during tests and fails when Procmail runs due to lack of authorization to communicate with the laptop as another user. I am writing to seek your advice on this matter. Kind Regards," }, { "body": "Dear User, On Tuesday, October Dag Dag Nygren encountered an issue where procmail didn't seem to run as expected. This appears to be due to the fact that dag doesn't have authorization to communicate with the dag laptop when running as another user. I am not familiar with the KDE sound server, but I suspect your problem lies in the environment where procmail runs. You do not specify where procmail is being run from in this case; for instance, it may be run by fetchmail which operates through a cron job. Please note that in my situation, procmail is utilized by the qmail delivery agent to sort all incoming mail. However, I discovered an error message in procmaillog that resolved the issue. The following line in my delivery script seems to function properly: artsplay. Regards, Dag Ex-husband's Mailing List" }, { "body": "In response to your message, Ulises Ponce suggested a method to insert a signature using specific keys within the NMH components (replcomps, forwcomps, etc.) without having to send the email first. This can be achieved by altering the component files for specific folders, which allows you to modify your signature per folder. Ulises also mentioned some tricks detailed in the NMH documentation. He further noted that there might be a way to get sedit to perform this task, but he has been using gvim as his exmh message editor for quite some time now. With a command, he loads email-specific settings and syntax color highlights headers and quoted parts of an email. Additionally, he suggested mapping VIM keys that would add a signature or provide a selection of signatures to choose from. Lastly, Ulises mentioned the possibility of randomly selecting signatures somewhere in RTF format. This information is intended for exmh users mailing list." }, { "body": "I have implemented the changes to the unseen sequences and installed them, however, I encountered one major issue. Instead of using the exmh icon, I use the unseen window, and with the new code, I can't seem to determine the number of unseen messages when I have the main window open. This is not crucial since I don't require it most of the time, but it would be helpful to know if possible. The code was borrowed from 'unseenwin', though I haven't tested it as I don't utilize that functionality. I will ensure to check this issue on my list. Regarding the unseenwin functionality, please consider it on your to-do list. Chris Garrigues Vircio Congress Suite Austin TX World War - The Wrongdoers vs The Evildoers Application" }, { "body": "Chris Garrigues, I would like to vary the background color in this window from that of the FTOC. The background color in the FTOC is not constant and messages in the unseen sequence have a different background than others in the FTOC. However, in the sequences window, this is not necessary as unseen already has a different foreground. There's no problem with that, it doesn't need a different background as well. I will experiment with making it vertical instead of horizontal and see what turns up. The only sequences defined there are those which are defined in appdefaultscolor or exmhworkersdefaultscolor. I have been thinking about dynamically generating highlighting for other sequences but haven't figured it out yet. In this case, highlighting wasn't my primary concern, a method to get messages out of sequences comes first. However, as a suggestion, any unknown sequence could highlight any message in a sequence which has no defined highlighting. Maybe something as simple as a dark brown text color almost indistinguishable from normal black. I made the current message a little brighter. The most significant change came from changing relief from raised to sunken. However, even with that, cur and unseen are still too similar. I ended up using background palegoldenrod, relief sunken, borderwidth. Some of the colors I was using had spaces in their names, so I used 'palegoldenrod' which translates to a safer generic name. This was sent on the exmhworkers mailing list." }, { "body": "Just checked, and I'm experiencing similar slowness with handling large unseen message sequences in Catchup. It appears that the code might be reading the sequences file multiple times unnecessarily. I need to enhance the code's intelligence in managing this file before optimization can take place. However, I have other priorities in my current patch. There's no cause for panic as I plan to clean things up before optimizing. Unfortunately, the recent fix didn't seem to improve the speed; it may be slightly faster than yesterday, but still slower than a month ago. The log shows an unseen countdown for the 'homeandermaillistslkmhsequences' list, which has messages in the 'unseen' list. I've observed this issue with other lists as well. Additionally, the digit sequence in the 'listslk' seems to be changing. Folder change, EXMH msgshow, curexmhworkers, and mailing list commands are working fine." }, { "body": "Anders Eriksson, on Thursday, August , I've just updated the CVS and am currently catching up on unseen messages which is extremely slow for large messages and unseen sequences. It seems like this issue is affecting others as well. I suspect that we are needlessly reading the sequence file multiple times due to other sequences. I will make the code much smarter about handling that file, but first, I have a few other tasks in my large patch that needs attention. There's no panic, I'm all for cleaning things up before optimizing it. The fix for this issue has been checked in, but unfortunately, it didn't help as the speed seems to be slower than last month, albeit slightly faster than yesterday. I'm still seeing an unseen countdown in the log. 'catchup unseen' is something I don't use frequently, but I can reproduce this issue and will look into it. It's likely a simple problem." }, { "body": "I'm experiencing issues with the application as it doesn't work at all, and I encountered this error on startup and while attempting to change folders which fail. The error message reads: 'doesn't work at all', 'cannot read no such element in array', 'invoked from within incr flistseqcountfolderseq delta procedure seqdel line invoked from within seqdel', 'exmh folder mhprofile unseensequence msgid procedure msgseen line invoked from within msgseen', 'msgid procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow', 'msgid procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange', 'show invoked from within time list msgchange msgid show procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange msgid show procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow', 'cur eval body line invoked from within eval msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange listsexmh msgshow cur invoked from within time list folderchange folder msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange exmh folder procedure exmh line invoked from within exmh after script exmhworkers mailing list.'" }, { "body": "In your message, you suggest using component files for signatures but want to switch between different ones using a keyboard command. This is possible with exmh if you are open to using a mouse for such tasks. To set up multiple signatures, create numerous files starting with 'signature' and at startup, exmh will load them all in the sedit window. A 'signmenu' item will allow you to select the desired signature file for each email. Multiple signatures can be used if needed, though I'm not certain about the specific preferences option for this. The signature is added upon sending, not directly inserted into the existing sedit window prior to composition. Additionally, if a signature file has the execute bit set, exmh will attempt to execute the script and use the stdout of the script as your signature. Hopefully, this clarifies things." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, Thank you for your message. I understand that you'd prefer not to use a mouse for inserting signatures in your messages and would like to know if it's possible to do so using keyboard commands. In the context of Exmh, it is indeed possible. Exmh allows you to create multiple signature files, each beginning with 'signature'. Upon startup, Exmh will load all these files in the Sedit window. A 'Sign' menu item will appear, allowing you to select from the listed signature files for each email. You can even use multiple signatures if needed, though I'm not certain about the specific preferences option that enables this. However, please note that the signature gets added on send, not inserted directly into the existing Sedit window before composition. I see you already have different sig files to choose from. Additionally, if a signature file has the execute bit turned on, Exmh will attempt to execute the file and use the stdout of the script as your signature. Hope this helps! Best regards, Ulises Ponce" }, { "body": "I've just received and read your email. I was reading it in a rather dim room, with my keyboard mainly illuminated by the light from the laptop screen. I think I may have accidentally hit the wrong keys, as I mostly use the keyboard while running exmh. The fixes for the issues mentioned yesterday are included in today's CVS update. Initially, I had trouble connecting to the CVS server and received an unexpected 'expected integer but got while executing incr m procedure'. Here's a breakdown of some of the procedures involved: 1. mhseqexpand line invoked from within mhseqexpand folder 2. seq how oldmsgids msgids procedure mhsequenceupdate line invoked from within mhsequenceupdate folder 3. replace seq msgids procedure seqset line invoked from within seqset folder 4. cur msgid procedure mhsetcur line invoked from within mhsetcur 5. exmhfolder msgid procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange 6. noshow invoked from within time list msgchange 7. msgid show procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange 8. selectsel noshow procedure selecttypein line invoked from withinselecttypein 9. midrig command bound to i have the sequences window vertical instead of horizontal and all colors from the ftoc stuff are deleted. It currently looks almost as bad as the old, unseen window used to look. I still need to do some work to make it more presentable. Listboxes appear to have some odd behaviors, and eventually, I aim to make everything optional and parameterized. At the moment, I'm just embedding stuff in the code for quicker prototyping. Once completed, I will send a patch for review. I will post this on the exmh workers mailing list." }, { "body": "I am currently performing tasks using Exmh Ponce Paul, but I'd like to avoid using a mouse for such operations. The best solution I can think of is to determine the Tcl command that selects and inserts the signature within Exmh, then bind it to a key sequence. This shouldn't be too challenging, it just requires figuring out the Tcl script, which my Perl-based brain isn't particularly thrilled about. I know I might appear idle, but I am actually waiting actively for all my problems to resolve. If you're not enjoying yourself, then you're not doing it right. Regards, Exmh Users Mailing List." }, { "body": "Anders Eriksson apologizes for the issue with charsetusascii not working at all, which occurred during startup and on any attempt to change folders, which also failed. He has already checked it and found that the problem persists even after you had initially checked it out. He hopes that he was quick enough so that you would not notice this issue before receiving this email. Please try again." }, { "body": "I apologize for any inconvenience, but I encountered an issue on Thursday where the application doesn't work at all upon startup and when attempting to change folders, which fail. After realizing this, I checked it out in the app before sending you this message, hoping I was fast enough that you wouldn't see it. However, after your check, everything seems to be working fine now, as if the box was on some sort of drugs or something. While testing, I accidentally selected my favorite folder 'lk' and marked messages as unread, which took a long time or about as long as catchup unseen did before any changes." }, { "body": "Dear Anders Eriksson, I apologize for the inconvenience you have experienced with Textplain. Upon startup and any attempt to change folders, it did not function as expected and failed. I had already investigated this issue and found that it was occurring before sending this message. However, I am glad to report that after another attempt, it now seems to be working correctly. I noticed during testing that selecting my favorite folder 'lk' and marking messages unread took a long time, similar to how Catchup Unseen used to take before any improvements were made. I thought I had addressed all instances of this particular coding issue but it appears there were more remaining. If you have any suggestions for resolving this issue or any other concerns, please let me know. Best, Chris Garrigues" }, { "body": "On Friday, August , regarding your statement 'this is from today's CVS', this would now translate as 'yesterday's CVS'. Since the most recent set of changes have not yet caught up or completed, it is expected that there may be delays and speedups." }, { "body": "I'm sorry to hear that you are having trouble checking GPG signatures in EXMH after updating and changing the path. It seems like the issue is that EXMH can't find the public key. Here are a few suggestions: 1. Ensure that the GPG public key has been properly exported and imported into your keyring. 2. Check if the file permissions of the public key allow it to be accessed by EXMH. 3. Verify that the key ID you're using matches the one in your keyring exactly. 4. Make sure the path to the GPG executable is correctly set in the EXMH executable and that it can be executed. 5. Try running GPG manually from the command line with the same key ID and see if you can check the signature successfully." }, { "body": "I recall fiddling with similar issues in the past, particularly ensuring that no sound was played when the screen was locked or EXMH wasn't running. It might be worth considering this point for discussion on the dagh-alexmhusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears that Procmail is not able to communicate with the Dag laptop as it does not have the necessary authorization. This issue might be related to the environment in which Procmail runs. In my case, Procmail is run by the qmail delivery agent to presort all mail I receive. I found an error message in procmaillog that helped me solve the problem. The following line in my delivery script seems to work fine: artsplay (by the way, if you use exmhwrapper found in the misc directory, you can generalize this to displaycat homeexmhdisplay artsplay). However, using exmhwrapper might require having exmh running on the laptop to receive notifications. It seems that exmh gets upset when two instances are running at the same time, which creates a problem as I cannot run to the closest computer to check out the new mail. Thank you for your hint. I might use that for some other hack in the future. Best regards, Dag (Exmh users mailing list)" }, { "body": "When I receive a message with a line starting 'From' that is split into two messages, my mail comes from varspoolmail (the program that incorporates mail). The program seems to think that the 'From' line starts a new message. My system administrators have informed me that the sending mail client is supposed to escape lines beginning with 'From'. However, exmh does not seem to do this. I inquire if using mh or nmh will resolve this issue for exmh users on the mailing list." }, { "body": "The issue at hand seems to be related to the interaction between Sendmail, Solaris, and MH. The receiving mail server is responsible for escaping lines beginning with 'from' if they choose to enable that facility. However, it appears that your MH (or nmh) is not handling this properly due to its unawareness of rcvstore gags. There are a few possible solutions: 1. Get your mail administrator to add the 'e' flag to your Sendmail configuration, which will prevent any lines beginning with 'from'. 2. Learn to use Procmail and invoke rcvstore directly instead of letting Sendmail put your incoming mail into the spool. This method avoids the whole issue as rcvstore deals with a single message at a time. Jim McMaster suggests that there was a patch for MH to respect this, but it might not have been ported to nmh during its development stall. You can check with the nmh list at to find out if it has been done. It seems that the sending mail client is supposed to escape lines beginning with 'from', and exMH should do this. If it's not, it might be a configuration issue that needs to be addressed." }, { "body": "According to my sysadmins, there seems to be an issue with the mail client Jason J. Rennie's configuration. They mentioned that lines beginning with 'From' in the mail should be escaped. This is presumably handled by the local mail delivery agent (MDA) storing the mail into the braindead mailbox file called var/spool/mail . It appears that the program responsible for this, referred to as the local MDA, is incorrectly handling lines that start with 'From'. They suggest that it would be ideal if you avoid storing your mail in a mailbox file altogether. If your sysadmins are capable, they can set up the Receiving Mail Transfer Agent (MTA) to allow the use of Procmail as the local MDA. This way, Procmail could be used to invoke rcvstore and deliver your mail directly into your mh mail folders. Most Linux systems come pre-configured in this manner if a user has a .procmail file. The mail would then be delivered using Procmail." }, { "body": "This issue is not related to exmh, but rather an interaction between Sendmail, Solaris, and MHcorrectJames. Your sysadmin is incorrect; it is the responsibility of the receiving mail server to escape lines beginning with 'from' if they choose to turn on that facility. It is not the responsibility of email clients to cater to the design flaws of the Unix mail spool or Sun's decision to rely on it instead of dealing with this problem directly since MH is unaware of rcvstore gags. Trying to parse messages from the spool also causes issues in fairness, but I cannot defend the header as I consider it extreme brain damage inherited from ATT. The solution is for your mail administrator to add the 'e' flag to your Sendmail configuration. This means you will never see a line beginning with 'from'; such lines will look like 'from specifically. You can find the relevant line in /etc/mail/sendmail.cf that starts with 'mlocal'. Use grep 'mlocal' /etc/mail/sendmail.cf to locate it. If your sysadmin uses this to generate sendmail.cf, any good sysadmin should then implement the following magic line for MH: ednl. You can learn to use Procmail invoking rcvstore directly instead of letting Sendmail put your incoming mail into the spool. This avoids the whole issue as rcvstore only deals with a single message at a time. Additionally, while Procmail per se is not needed, other filters such as local which is part of the nmh distribution do the trick just as well." }, { "body": "It's possible to learn how to use Procmail, but it appears that forwarding is not an option on your machine due to lack of root access. I understand your concern about approaching the sysadmin regarding Sendmail, as a response may result in the daemon being shut down and being advised to use Outlook. However, let me suggest an alternative: you could explore using web-based email clients or IMAP/POP3 clients that can be installed without root access." }, { "body": "In regards to Kevin Kenny's message, you can learn to use Procmail, and it can indeed be done by forwarding emails. I am in the same situation as you and this is how I accomplish it." }, { "body": "This email contains a multipart message signed conforming to GPG or PGP for verification. The text is in US-ASCII encoding and was sent on Wednesday, October at . It appears to be from Kevin Kenny. He suggests that you can learn to use Procmail if you wish to do this. The Procmail binary may reside in a different path. He requests a list of points detailing how technology has failed to improve our lives. For your convenience, I have removed the 'signature' section from the original email. GPG/PGP Signature: -- pgp gnupg gnulinux --" }, { "body": "Robert Waldner has emailed Kevin Kenny, suggesting that he can learn to use Procmail. According to Robert, this could be achieved by modifying the forward settings so that it includes 'usr/bin/procmail' (including quotes). The Procmail binary may be located in a different path, so check the Procmail documentation for the correct one. He also mentions some commands: ifs, ppath, toprocmail, test, f, exec, p, fexit. However, he doesn't explain what these do, but they are explained in the Procmail documentation. Jim McMaster refers to the exmhusers mailing list for more information." }, { "body": "Dear Jason Rennie, According to my sysadmins, the sending mail client is expected to escape lines beginning with 'From' when using the exmh system. However, it seems that in your case, this is not being done. It appears that you are using mh and they suggest that nmh might fix this issue. Historically, this problem has escalated into a heated debate among users. The 'From' envelope is an artifact of the mbox mailbox format, and some argue that it should be the mail server's responsibility to escape lines beginning with 'From' when storing mailboxes in mbox format. However, changing the message body contradicts the assumption that the mail transport only modifies the message headers and leaves the message body untouched. Modifications like those made for PGP signatures can break when the mail server alters the message body. Strictly speaking, the 'From' envelope in the mbox format is not just any line starting with 'From', but rather a specific format: a valid email address followed by a single space, a valid date, and for example: 'From: sun jul john abreau executive director boston linux unix email pgpkeyid pgpkeyfingerprint'. Some argue that the enemy of one's enemy is one's friend. When elephants fight (referring to the ongoing debate), it is often the grass that gets trampled. Best regards, The Application PGP Signature follows: PGP Signature: Regards, exmh-users mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Mathias, I performed the build as per your suggestion, however, there's an issue regarding the switch from pspell to aspell. It seems that aspell is not available in rawhide at the moment, which means spell checking is temporarily disabled until a decision is made about it. I missed updating the webpage and mistakenly posted here before checking it again. I apologize for that. Building recent aspell packages may not be upgraded when moving to the next Red Hat Linux release, which might not be desirable. I will test this out and see. By the way, I have been following the thread in the sylpheedclaws list, it's very informative. The update on aspell in Red Hat is something I will keep an eye on. Your help was indeed useful to our rpmlist mailing list. Jesse Keating and the mondo devteam appreciate your contributions." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, Previously, Jesse had mentioned that he would update his build as soon as the source is updated. The source has now been updated, consequently, so has his build. However, there seems to be an issue with the change from pspell to aspell, which requires aspell, a package not currently available in rawhide. Therefore, spell-checking is temporarily disabled until a decision about it can be made. In addition, the spec file has undergone a significant update. The options for rebuilding source packages without and with different settings are now listed in the description. Looking forward to your next update, Best Regards" }, { "body": "Back then, Jesse mentioned that he was observing a discussion on the sylpheedclaws list, finding it intriguing. He suggested he might continue to follow it until Aspell gets updated in Red Hat, which could take months or more given that the freeze on package versions for the next stable release has likely already occurred. As a precaution, if it doesn't cause any issues, Jesse may consider releasing recent Aspell packages, but he will need to perform some testing first. Matthias, a system and network engineer based in Barcelona, Spain, mentioned that he would check on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, First, please retrieve the files and then configure them on Friday at Axel Thimm. I was wondering if anyone knows the reason why the mplayer documentation still suggests using these for certain architectures. Regards, Axel On Saturday, June at Axel Thimm, Is there perhaps a licensing issue or any other reason that would forbid such a practice? The reason I ask is that I have noticed performance and feature differences (such as fullscreen display without keeping aspect ratio, visual artifacts on Nvidia) comparing with or without the codecs. It seems that the mplayer authors recommend using these for certain architectures. However, I am not an expert on mplayercodecs, so I may be completely lost. Rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I've uploaded the RPMs for the newly released Netatalk. Given that this version resolves an issue with saving files via Illustrator, which I've been eagerly awaiting, I thought it might be of interest to you here. These RPMs will be mirrored on rpmfind.net by tomorrow. By the way, Troy Engel - Systems Engineer, is as cool as the other side of a pillow. This information will also be shared on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Thomas, Welcome to the rpmlist mailing list! I understand that you are new here and seeking information about recompiling a working apt RPM for null or psyche. If you need good GStreamer packages completed by Monday when it's released, please share more details so we can help you better. I noticed that some posts related to the GStreamer repository were made on this list, but I'm not certain why they appeared here. As the RPM maintainer, feel free to ask any questions you might have. Regarding your query about getting an updated apt RPM, it seems the port is closed. If Dave reads this message, kindly let us know where we can obtain the updated RPM. Thanks in advance for your cooperation. Best regards, The rpmlist moderator team" }, { "body": "Thomas wrote previously that he intended to discover who had recompiled a functional apt RPM for null or psyche. He wishes to complete good GStreamer packages by Monday when it is released. Currently, he has a working apt package for Red Hat Linux which will be available simultaneously with the distribution release and also an entire apt repository, already including numerous of his updated packages for Red Hat Linux. Thomas did not want to disclose all this before Monday, but since the new release has leaked from multiple sources and official statements have been made about it, he doesn't consider it a big deal. He will keep everyone posted on Monday, and there will be a significant apt-related surprise." }, { "body": "Hi there, Red Hat release is tomorrow, Monday. I've spent some time to create RPMs of gstreamer for it. All core plugins and player have been uploaded to the apt repository in a new directory. The dependency repository remains as 'deps', while the one for the gstreamer RPMs is now named 'redhat'. The base distro this time includes all necessary packages, so you shouldn't need any additional installations. Please find a screenshot of red hat running gstplayer at the provided link. However, there are some known issues with the resulting RPMs: - gstreamernautilus was not built as its package got renamed and I don't have a devel package for it yet. - The c plugins encounter problems that I haven't been able to resolve yet. - The info plugin 'usrlibgstlibgstwincodecso' failed to load due to undefined plugins 'usrlibgstlibgstwincodecso', 'usrlibgstlibgstmodplugso'. I'm not sure how to fix this issue, but running strings on the libs in usrlib reveals that there are other libs that have these symbols. There must be a straightforward solution to resolve this. If anyone has any suggestions, please share. I'm Thomas from the davedina project 'future tv today'. Sincerely, Thomas" }, { "body": "Hello Thomas, I'm writing to inform you that the usrlibgstlibgstwincodecso plugin has failed to load due to an undefined error. It seems that the issue might be related to linking issues, as it appears not to be connecting to a required library somewhere. I'm unsure about the specific library it should be preloading, but here are some steps you could take to find out: 1. Check if the plugin and its dependencies are using the same version of GCC for compilation. 2. Ensure that everything is built within a chroot environment. 3. If the problem persists, try debugging to find out which library it's unable to link with. I hope this helps! Regarding the DavaDina project - Future TV Today, your urgent input would be highly appreciated if you have a moment." }, { "body": "Dear Thomas, On September, you mentioned an issue with the plugin 'usrlibgstlibgstwincodecso' not loading due to undefined symbols. You confirmed that you are using the same version of gcc as its C dependencies and that everything is built inside a chroot environment. However, it appears that it is not linking to a library somewhere, but you're unsure which one. To determine which library it is, it seems like there might be an issue with avifile since you've been unable to recompile the latest version successfully. Regards, Matthias Saou (System and Network Engineer) Barcelona, Spain Interactive Phone: rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "The plugin 'usrlibgstlibgstwincodecso' failed to load due to an undefined library. I am using the same version of gcc to compile the plugin as its C dependencies. I suspect it is not linking to a lib somewhere, however, I am unsure which one it should be preloaded with. To find out, it appears that there might be an issue with the avifile library you've rebuilt. I have been unable to recompile the latest version successfully inside the same chroot. However, aviplay works well and I encounter X errors when trying to run it without xv (although it doesn't complain about linker problems). This suggests that my avifile library might be compiled correctly. Despite the difficulties with avifile, I should mention that it is one of the most problematic packages in terms of naming of tarballs, versioning of libraries, and API stability. The Thomas the Dava project (future TV today) left me floored when I needed help, and even though the feeling has passed, I can't seem to let go. If I had the love it takes, I would change. Lastly, the radio on your rpmlist mailing list is one of the best on the internet." }, { "body": "Dear Peter Peltonen, I've just come across a quite nice looking apt repository for various audio applications. It appears to be a comprehensive collection in the field of audio apps. This discovery was made on the rpmlist mailing list, often referred to as 'Angle in Geometry'. Best regards." }, { "body": "Dear All, The Freshrpmsnet is now prepared for the upcoming release of Red Hat Linux. I want to express my gratitude for all your hard work, it's simply fantastic! I plan to post to the list once I open up the ftp server at freshrpmsnet, allowing you to be among the first to download. Although I believe you won't face any trouble finding a fast mirror using my mirror list, I thought I should mention it. Also, there are mirrors available for the apt repo on Sep at Matthias Saou. I'll keep you all updated on Monday, and there will be an apt-related surprise in store. It seems there might be more surprises to come, so stay tuned! Thanks, Matthias" }, { "body": "I was contemplating returning to creating mods, and it's great to see Aptgetable Soundtracker mentioned. By any chance, do you know where I can find a good variety of sample loops? On Monday, I would appreciate recommendations from Angelo Puglisi, who has an extensive audio app collection. Thank you in advance! If my response appears overly human, it's merely because I may have been misunderstood. I subscribe to the Dream Theater RPMList mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear All, I would be grateful if you could procure the gabber packages for Red Hat as I am preparing for a new release soon. Even though I may not need them immediately, I would appreciate having them on hand. I'm aware that during the beta testing of Red Hat, they were using a modified version of gnomelibs which is incompatible with the latest gnomemm. If this is still the case, I can provide you with a patch that makes gnomemm functional again. Regards, Julian P.S. We are now setting up freshrpmsnet for the upcoming release of Red Hat Linux. Unlike previous releases, the process has been less secretive due to some leaks, including a mirror purposely left open. For more information on the release and the leaks, please refer to this article: . With the files no longer a secret, they will be available later today for Americans (afternoon for Europeans) from our mirrors. We already have several freshrpmsnet packages prepared for download, although they are not yet accessible. New freshrpmsnet package list: Of course, APT is also available now and has been thoroughly tested if you prefer it for your desktop machines. I would also recommend checking out the new Synaptic package as it has been ported to GTK and seamlessly integrates with the distribution. I will likely post to the list once I open up ftpfreshrpmsnet, allowing you early access to download these packages. However, I don't anticipate any difficulties finding a fast mirror using my mirror list. Have fun with Red Hat Linux! Best regards, Matthias Custom Red Hat Linux rpm packages: Red Hat Linux release 'Valhalla' running Linux kernel load: RPM list mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello, I have reviewed your query. The new apt releases are suitable for use on ReiserFS file systems, as it is well-defined that reiserfsck will return a usable system. However, one might expect some remaining data after the process, and Felix V Leitner discussed this on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Subject: Inquiry about alsa dependency and mplayer packages Dear RPM list, I recently noticed that the directory for FreshRpms ALSA (alsanull) has been erased since the release of psyche. This led me to worry that the new packages might cause some issues. Specifically, I am concerned about the MPlayer package, as it seems to lack options for Vo and Ao. I have two questions: 1. Is the absence of ALSA in rh causing this issue with mplayer from FreshRpms, or are there switches to enable these options during rpm build? 2. For my recent packages that support both with and without options, I've listed them in their description section (e.g., available rpmbuild rebuild options). Is there a way to include ALSA as an option for all of these packages moving forward? I've noticed that the ogle package has an 'with alsa' option and I encountered a bug report regarding Xine that was apparently compiled with alsa directly. This leads me to believe that blending ALSA into more packages would be beneficial, especially since I've just spent time recompiling the alsakernel package for all the psyche kernels. I would appreciate if we could discuss this on the RPM list. Specifically, I am curious about whether adding a new dependency of the alsalib package for many packages (e.g., mplayer, ogle, xine) would cause any problems for FreshRpmsNet users. Any insights or suggestions are welcome. Best, Matthias Saou System and Network Engineer Barcelona, Spain electronic group interactive phone" }, { "body": "Ralf, regarding your email about the new apt releases on Rh and potential issues when rebuilding packages for Psyche on Valhalla, you expressed concern that lowering the tag to keep an upgrade working might complicate your CVS repository, which is located on your Valhalla box. While there are solutions to mitigate this problem, you prefer waiting until you upgrade your main box to Psyche and using Valhalla only on a secondary rebuild system. This approach will be taken under the system and network engineer role at the World Trade Center Edificio Norte in Barcelona, Spain, electronic group interactive phone: rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I understand that when rebuilding your recent packages for Psyche on Valhalla, you're concerned about lowering the tag to ensure an upgrade works. However, this action might cause issues with your CVS repository located on your Valhalla box. My apologies if my initial message wasn't clear. To clarify, it seems you're questioning the need for a release tag decrease. I would like to emphasize that proper communication and understanding are crucial in our community, so please do not find my question presumptuous or impolite. I look forward to your response." }, { "body": "Dear RPMList, Matthias Saou would like to inquire about a potential issue regarding the addition of a new dependency for the alsalib package, particularly for packages such as mplayer, ogle, and xine. He is considering incorporating ALSA into these packages, given his recent efforts in recompiling the alsakernel package for various psyche kernels. However, he lacks extensive knowledge about ALSA and uses custom kernels on many machines. His concern is that if this change necessitates using the shipped kernel, he might be against its implementation as a default. In such a scenario, to run applications like mplayer, for example, would it be necessary to first compile a custom kernel option or module? If so, would this mean that packages like alsalib and others would not install since they require the alsakernel package? In essence, Matthias is seeking clarification on whether this change could potentially cause issues for freshrpmsnet packages users. Any insights are appreciated. Best regards, Troy Engel, Systems Engineer" }, { "body": "Subject: Request for Discussion on RPM List Regarding alsalib Dependency Dear RPM List, In reference to Hesty's previous email, I would like to clarify the rebuild options when using rpmbuild. When rebuilding the package, if you choose 'alsa', you should simply run 'rpmbuild rebuild srcrpm with alsa'. If you are missing dependencies required for the selected options, you will be informed (for example, for alsa, you'll need alsalibdevel). I would like to discuss a potential new dependency of the alsalib package for many packages such as mplayer, ogle, and xine. I am keen on integrating alsa now, especially since I have recently spent time recompiling the alsakernel package for all the psyche kernels. However, there is a problem with alsakernel that every time Red Hat issues a new kernel update, I need to rebuild my alsakernel to match the new kernel. This can be inconvenient as I have to do it each time. Regards, Matthias Saou Barcelona, Spain e-mail: matthias@example.com tel: +34 934 567 890" }, { "body": "Hi Matthias Saou, I believe the issue you're experiencing is due to having two packages installed, one with the same version, but different dependencies. This is causing a conflict. To avoid such issues in older distributions, I usually keep package versions lower. However, it seems this isn't an issue here as you mentioned. Since it's a non-issue, I will rebuild locally. The phrase 'for eats anything and is fond of children' seems to be unrelated to the topic at hand, but it sounds like an interesting dog quote!" }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, In your previous email regarding rebuilding packages for Psyche on Valhalla, you expressed concern about having to lower the tag which might cause issues with your CVS repository. I understand your worry that this could disrupt your Valhalla box's CVS repository. However, let me clarify a few points. It appears that your confusion stems from the package versioning and dependency conflicts when upgrading from an older distribution to a newer one like Psyche. When you rebuild a package for Valhalla, if you upgrade to Psyche using the Red Hat CDS or APT-GET update with a new Psyche repository, the system might identify two packages of the same version but different dependencies. This is where the problem lies: it will display both the installed and the available package with the same version but different dependencies. To avoid this issue, you usually keep package versions lower for older distributions as a precautionary measure to prevent such dependency conflicts during the upgrade process. This ensures a smoother transition without encountering any errors related to incompatible dependencies. I hope this clarifies your concern about versioning and dependency issues during the upgrading process. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Is it feasible to utilize the new APT for a null-to-null upgrade even though there might be an option? I'm wondering if there are compelling reasons why I should refrain from doing so and instead opt for the RedHat ISOs. It seems unlikely that an upgrade would occur when starting from null, as in geometry, with regards to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you are considering upgrading from a beta version of your system to the latest released version using 'new apt'. However, it's important to note that Red Hat does not officially support such an upgrade. This doesn't necessarily mean it won't work; rather, it implies that no one has tested it or fixed any issues to make it function properly. If you choose to proceed, you would be doing so at your own risk. Historically, major number changes in Red Hat releases imply significant modifications have been made, which can potentially cause problems during an upgrade from any previous release. Consequently, most users typically install a new release from scratch rather than performing upgrades. If you wish to avoid potential issues, I would recommend reinstalling the system. As for the Davedina project: Future TV today, every time she sneezes, it seems like love, and you mentioned that you're not ready for this kind of thing - take your time! Lastly, the radio station you mentioned sounds fantastic!" }, { "body": "I recall successfully using apt-get dist-upgrade on Tuesday, October 18th (Thomas Vander Stichele's date). It might work again. If I appear overly human, it's because I may have been misunderstood. For the record, I am a subscriber of the Dream Theater rpm-list mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear all, Mark previously wrote about upgrading a system using 'apt-get dist-upgrade'. I have also performed this action on several production servers. However, there's an essential detail to consider: replacing 'kernelheaders' with 'glibc-kernheaders'. This is achieved by running 'apt-get install glibc-kernheaders'. Upgrading between releases should work fine, but upgrading between betas or from a beta to a final release is not recommended due to some packages potentially being downgraded or rebuilt with the same versions but different dependencies. Such upgrades through apt or similar tools might not function correctly because older packages could be considered as the newest and kept on the system - much like Red Hat does. I strongly advise against attempting to upgrade between betas or from a beta to a final release. It's safer to make a backup of your home, etc., root, and /usr/local directories (if necessary) and perform a clean reinstallation instead. This will likely reduce potential complications and provide the most pristine system. Regards, Matthias Matthias Saou World Trade Center Edificio Norte Planta System and Network Engineer Barcelona, Spain electronic group interactive phone : rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Angles Puglisi, It seems that you had a difficult experience upgrading your laptop from null using apt. You mentioned issues such as a corrupted rpmdb and the upgrade not being smooth due to changes in the system and apt's handling of dependencies. However, you also mention that you successfully upgraded both your laptop and home box without encountering any issues. You ask if there are good reasons why you should not do it and just use the RHEL isos instead of upgrading from null. While it is technically possible to upgrade from null using apt, it's important to note that it's not officially supported by Red Hat. So, I would advise caution when proceeding with this method. Regarding your post on the rpmlist mailing list, it seems that you shared your experience and others have also successfully upgraded from null using apt without encountering issues. I hope this information helps! Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear Team, Previously Julian mentioned that he needed Gabber packages for Red Hat as he was planning a new release soon. However, even in the interim, the packages would be acceptable. He also pointed out that Red Hat was using a modified version of gnomelibs which is incompatible with the latest gnomemm. If this issue still persists, Julian can send a patch to make gnomemm functional again. Currently, he is facing another problem: libsigc is no longer included in the distribution and gtkmm won't compile without it. It seems he will have to repackage it himself, assuming it's possible. Regarding the custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages, Julian is referring to the Red Hat Linux release 'Valhalla', running a Linux kernel with the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Does providing the srcrpm help in diagnosing the issue, Matthias? I'm assuming you've successfully built a custom Red Hat Linux RPM package for libsigc. However, when attempting to rebuild on 'a' and 'la' files, you're encountering problems because the required so libraries are missing. Could the problem possibly be related to the RPM build process or dependency resolution? I suggest checking the dependencies of your custom package and ensuring that all necessary libraries are included." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I would advise against attempting an upgrade between betas or from a beta to a final release. It's recommended to backup your home directory, root directory, and any necessary files under /usr/local before performing a clean reinstall. This should minimize potential issues and provide the cleanest system possible. The reason for this recommendation is that during upgrades, not all latest features might be automatically enabled in some config files due to Red Hat's cautious approach, resulting in rpmnew files instead of rpmsaved. Regarding your backup concern, if you don't have a box with a large hard drive for network backup, you could consider using cloud storage services or an external hard drive. If you do not wish to re-rip all the media files, you may keep them on the original CDs as a backup copy. Hope this helps, Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I would recommend against upgrading between betas or from a beta to a final release. It's best to backup your home directory, root and usr/local if necessary, then perform a clean reinstall. This method should save some hassles and provide the cleanest possible system. I believe this is the most effective approach because upgrading may not always enable the latest features in some configuration files as Red Hat prefers to avoid updating those files to reduce support calls. In case you are dissatisfied with Red Hat, I would encourage you to consider its benefits, such as not overwriting your config files on a whim. It's better that they do not perform automatic detection and changing of configurations. Instead, they inform you about the necessary configuration files during an rpm upgrade. Regarding your concerns about backing up large data networks, if you don't have a box with a tape drive, you could use one with a large hard drive with plenty of free space to store the backup. If you don't have access to such a computer, you should make backups using an NFS or SMB mount from another machine and rsyncing straight to the mount. If that's not possible, you can use rsync over SSH as it's the best method for making backups. Your media files are already compressed, so compressing them again would be redundant. In case your media files are backed up on the CDs they came from, it's actually the other way around - the CDs are backups of your media files. Best regards, Thomas" }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, I am writing to propose a modification to the alsa driver spec that facilitates a clean build under a mostly Red Hat system when the kernel is manually configured and built. I understand that the freshrpms.net packages are designed with standard Red Hat in mind, including a standard kernel RPM. However, I hope you will consider this small tweak as justified for incorporation. Attached below is the diff outlining the changes. The first part of the diff includes a conditional that checks for the presence of the expected rpm. If it is installed, karch and krpm flags are set as before, but if not, karch uses uname p while krpm remains undefined. The second part of the diff requires the kernel source to be installed only if the kernel comes from an RPM; otherwise, it is presumed that the user has retained the sources in the expected place. I recognize that I am operating outside of warranty by not using a Red Hat kernel RPM. If you find this tweak reasonable and aesthetically pleasing, I would be delighted to see it implemented. If not, at least this message will remain in the archives and may benefit others in the future. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Thomas, Matthias and Saou, I strongly advise against upgrading directly between betas or from a beta to a final release. To ensure a smooth transition, consider backing up your home directory, root directory and usr/local if needed, then perform a clean installation. This should help you avoid potential issues and get the most streamlined system possible. I'm in the same boat as you - I too have learned my lesson about living on the bleeding edge. No more Ximian for me! Lesson learned. As for upgrading, if you need RPMs, I'm not opposed to this but 'apt-get dist-upgrade' can cause issues. To find the ISO, just search mirrors and proceed with the installation. Best regards, Brian Fahrlender, Linux Zealot, Conservative and Technomad Evansville" }, { "body": "Dear All, Previously, Ben shared his configuration for building a custom kernel on Red Hat systems. He suggested a modification to the alsadriverspec that helps in creating a clean build under such circumstances. Ben recognizes that freshrpmsnet packages are designed with standard Red Hat in mind but he hopes Matthias will consider incorporating this tweak as it is small enough to justify its inclusion. Ben expresses that it doesn't seem consistent to use an rpm package built against something that wasn't installed through rpm. He recommends maintaining at least one original Red Hat Linux kernel for emergencies, installing the matching alsakernel package due to dependencies, and then following these steps for the custom-built kernel: configure with 'make all', 'make install', 'depmod' as root, copy all the modules under 'tmpalsadriver/libmodules' to your 'modules' directory. Additionally, he advises not compiling unnecessary drivers to speed up the process. This method, according to Ben, is the easiest and cleanest way to resolve this issue. He has been following this approach on his laptop where he runs a kernel recompiled with ACPI and custom Red Hat Linux rpms. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Matthias Saou, I understand your concerns about inconsistency when using an RPM package built against something that wasn't installed through RPM. To address this issue in your case, I have devised a simpler approach involving a small kernelspec. This spec installs no files but claims to produce a kernel package with the version number matching uname -r for architecture uname -p. It also provides kernel sources at the same version, which should satisfy alsadriverspec and provide a reasonable representation of what your homemade kernel offers to the system. I wish I had thought of this approach sooner." }, { "body": "Brian previously mentioned that he had to address an issue due to his experience with Ximian, a lesson learned never to live on the cutting edge. He switched to Red Hat (now known as FreshRPMs.net) and kept his root filesystem, home directories, music, and games on separate partitions. However, he encounters a problem where every upgrade requires RPMS, which he is not opposed to but finds apt-get dist-upgrade unusual due to core dump issues. Although he suggests upgrading to apt, he advises against it because the C binaries are incompatible. He also mentions that apt is entirely written in C and dynamically linked, but this doesn't explain the core dump. Instead of searching for mirrors for the ISO and moving on, he asks if there's a secret solution or if he should just continue the search. Matthias Matthias Saou, a system and network engineer from Barcelona, Spain, is part of an electronic group interactive phone list and has sent this message to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi, I've managed to make some progress on the topic that we've been discussing in multiple forums. You can now include the 'rpm' task in your sourceslist. After running 'apt-get update', you can explore what's available with the command 'apt-cache search task'. These packages are directly generated from the 'compsxml' and hence contain exactly the same packages as you would get by selecting various categories during installation. I didn't include SRPMS for these, as they are not particularly interesting. If you wish to regenerate the specs, simply run the appropriate command. Please note that the repository only contains the 'taskpackages'. To perform any action with it, you need an 'apt-enabled' mirror in your sourceslist." }, { "body": "Brian previously wrote: 'I try to be considerate towards your server, following the principle of using free resources without causing trouble. I highly appreciate your work as it allows me to accomplish tasks that I wouldn't be able to otherwise, and I respect that. Don't worry too much about it. If the server becomes overly busy, I will clean up and publish addresses for some FTP mirrors as there are numerous ones available including an apt one. For now, the limit is sufficient. When I unlocked the psyche ISO images on Monday, the bandwidth usage on the current ftp.freshrpms.net server increased significantly, but it's not problematic as the server has a physical NIC. However, I would get into trouble if this was always the case. The average usage when there is no new Red Hat release is between 50-100GB per day, which my company tolerates as they understand it provides a valuable return to the community, allowing us to run our servers on such a great operating system. Matthias Matthias Saou, System and Network Engineer, Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive.' rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I hope this message finds you well. You mentioned that you have returned to Red Hat and are in the process of upgrading your system. It appears that you are encountering issues with RPMs and are considering using APT instead due to binary incompatibility. However, since APT is C binary incompatible and entirely written in C and dynamically linked, I understand your apprehension. To clarify the core dump issue, it seems to be a linking problem. As for now, you are using the stock version of RPM, RPMLIB, POPT, etc., along with the recommended version of APT that I provided earlier. However, no new code is getting loaded. It might be a long day's work or a complex issue at hand that is causing this. To troubleshoot further, I suggest you continue searching for the ISO on the remaining non-hammered site and also check other mirrors if needed. Remember, there are plenty of choices available. If you need more assistance, feel free to ask. Keep up the good work and appreciate your commitment to Linux. Best Regards, Brian Fahrlender" }, { "body": "In a previous email, Angles mentioned switching to open source and stopping the use of Partition Magic. They were seeking software to nondestructively repartition a hard drive for creating a separate partition for home. The recommended tool was Parted, although it has limitations such as not being able to move the start of a partition. However, Angles expressed satisfaction with Parted. If Angles didn't put home on a separate partition in Windows, they used to delete the Windows directory and some program files directories and install fresh instead of upgrading while saving other data. This trick can potentially be applied to RPM-based distributions like Red Hat, but it would mean deleting all packages and starting afresh. It's important to backup any edited or installed files before reinstalling cleanly, formatting the installation partition, and restoring the home files. However, this method may lead to losing any tweaks made to files like etc/sysconfig/networkscripts or specific parameters added to an etc/modules.conf entry. Copying the grub conf files might be necessary if there are special kernel parameters to save." }, { "body": "Subject: Suggestion for kernel package build consistency Dear Matthias Saou, I've noticed that using an RPM package built against a non-RPM installed component is inconsistent. Following this line of thought, I've been installing my custom-built kernels through RPM lately. However, I find it inconvenient that packages like alsakernel and similar ones only build for the currently running kernel. I've attached a patch to allow specifying an alternate kernel by setting the 'targetkernel' environment variable before running 'rpmbuild'. While you still need to have the RPM for the specified kernel installed, at least it doesn't have to be the currently running one. This method is somewhat hackish, so if anyone has a better way to do this, please let me know. Best, Gary" }, { "body": "Matthias Saou, it would be wise to backup all locations where you have manually edited or installed files (only in etc root and home). After a clean reinstallation by formatting the system and then putting your home files back into place, you should be ready to go. I have confidence in your usage of your RPMs for some time now; that's the approach I will take - a fresh start but with the old configurations ready for diffs when needed. I'll find an old hard drive for those media files (in the context of geometry)." }, { "body": "Gary previously mentioned that using an RPM package built against a kernel not installed via RPM is inconsistent. In response to this, he has been installing his custom-built kernels through RPM. However, he finds it inconvenient that packages like alsakernel only build for the current running kernel. To address this, he has attached a patch to specify an alternate kernel by setting the targetkernel environment variable before running rpmbuild. This method requires having the RPM for the specified kernel installed but doesn't necessitate it being currently running. Although this solution is somewhat hackish, if there are better ways to achieve this, please let him know. He proposes a few improvements: - The patch should support packages named kernelsmp. - A cleaner way than the env variable is preferred, and ideally, editing the spec file should be avoided. - Defining 'target' with 'smp' sounds good enough. Additionally, the buildrequires on kernelsource will need to be removed because it may not always be necessary. This does bother him a bit. He welcomes more ideas and suggests a cleaner, env-variable-free solution for custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, In the past, you recommended backing up only the root and home directories before performing a clean reinstallation of custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages. You also suggested putting the backed-up files back into place afterwards. I trust your advice, as I have been using your RPMS for some time now. However, please remember that I am not a messiah; you are free to do what you think is best for you. Regarding Red Hat Linux Release Valhalla running the Linux kernel load, I assume this is related to the rpmlist mailing list. Best regards," }, { "body": "Hello, I've noticed that since you upgraded to mplayer, the VoSDL is not functioning correctly for you. It seems to be displaying a black screen while playing audio. I'd be happy to assist you with this issue. Also, you mentioned that the source RPM specified it could work without libdv, but it didn't seem to function as expected for LIRC and ARTS. If you need help figuring out a solution for these dependencies, feel free to ask. Best regards, Roi" }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears that your mplayer with SDL is not working due to the upgrade. This issue might be caused by an existing libdv package that was installed on your system. To resolve this, you can try rebuilding the RPM without libdv. Here's a link to the spec file for reference: Regarding your previous message about LIRC and Arts being fixed, it seems that they were indeed working due to the presence of the libdv package. Best regards, Matthias Red Hat Linux RPM Packages Team" }, { "body": "I appreciate your initiative towards consistency and ease of use for RPM package builds, especially with custom-built kernels. I understand that you've attached a patch to specify an alternate kernel by setting the `targetkernel` environment variable before running `rpmbuild`. This approach seems reasonable, although it may need further refinement. As suggested, renaming `targetkernel` to `kernelsmp` and removing the buildrequires on `kernelsource` might be a good start. However, I'd like to propose an alternative solution that doesn't involve environment variables or modifying the spec file excessively. Instead of using an environment variable, how about defining `targetkernel` as a macro in the spec file? This would make it more streamlined and less prone to errors. Here is a rough idea of how the spec file could look like: ```makefile Name: mycustomkernel Version: 1.0 Release: 1%{?release} Summary: My custom kernel package %description This is a brief description of your kernel package. %prep # Your preparation steps here %build # Your build commands here %define targetkernel 4.18.0-300 %install # Your installation steps here %files # Your files to be installed here %changelog # Your changelog entries here ``` This way, you can easily switch between kernels by changing the `targetkernel` definition in the spec file without having to remember or set environment variables. Let me know what you think about this approach, and I look forward to hearing more about your progress." }, { "body": "On Friday, Oct 08, Mark Derricutt asked if anyone knows where one could obtain RPMs for a lot of Python libraries as it is quite inconvenient the way Red Hat ships Python and Python packages that only work with one or the other, particularly the pgdb and xml modules. It seems Red Hat insists on using Python to preserve binary compatibility across all their x releases, making it the default. Is there any reason for this? For more information, you can check the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Is anyone aware of where one could obtain RPMs for a lot of Python libraries? It's quite frustrating how Red Hat ships Python and Python3, along with the libs that only work with one or the other, especially the pgdb and xml modules. Do you happen to know why Red Hat insists on using Python but doesn't like to break compatibility during major releases? This was because when it was initially released, it was current. For further information regarding digital signatures, please refer to the end of this message for PGP signature details. Here is the RPM list mailing list:" }, { "body": "On Friday, Mark Derricutt asked about Red Hat's decision to continue using Python. Ian Ahnbarhe explained that Red Hat has a backward compatibility 'shim' set, which has been available in their Rawhide for months for early adopters and backporters. Red Hat maintains binary compatibility across major releases as their server management tools are heavily reliant on Python and becoming more so. Adding Python 3 at this stage in the RHL series would have been disruptive to an existing installed base. This was shared on the rpmlist mailing list by Russ Herrold." }, { "body": "Hi Vincent, I'm working on locating the package for Red Hat. Does anyone know where to find it? I've been trying to compile it myself but encountered an error. Since the RPM and spec file is quite messy, I'm cleaning it up currently. I believe I have all the build requirements and installation requirements sorted out, but more testers are needed. If you could test it, that would be greatly appreciated. Jesse Keating and the Mondo Devteam have been notified about this. Let me know if this helps in any way. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hello, I have a suggestion regarding the aptconf that comes with the freshrpmsnet apt package. I found it unusual when the behavior changed between old and new versions, specifically during an apt-get upgrade where it does not indicate which packages will be upgraded but only that something is about to be upgraded. Could we apply these changes to aptconf: set downloadonly to false and showupgraded to true? This would make it clearer for users during the upgrade process. Regards, Ille Skytt (illeskytta at ikifi) RPMList mailing list" }, { "body": "It appears there's a justification for me to upgrade as there is an announcement about preserving binary compatibility for all x releases by Red Hat on October 7, regarding Python being the default. If I appear unusually human, it may be due to misunderstanding. This information was shared in the dream theater rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Jesse Keating, It seems you're having trouble compiling a package for Red Hat. I don't have the specific solution for your error, but I can help you with the srcrpm file compilation. Here's how you can do it: 1. Install the necessary tools: rpmbuild and mock. 2. Create a build directory (rpmbuild -bb path/to/your_specfile). 3. If you face issues with the tarball source file compilation, try using the srcrpm file instead. If it works, great! If not, let me know. Regarding your issue with the dirty rpm and spec file, it's good that you're cleaning it up. I agree that a clean code base is important for effective testing. Lastly, I'd be happy to help with more testers for your package. Let me know if you encounter any troubles. Best, " }, { "body": "Ville previously wrote about applying changes to the default aptconf included with the freshrpmsnet apt package. Ville found it odd when the behavior changed between old and new versions, as during an apt-get upgrade, it wouldn't specify which packages were to be upgraded, only that something was about to be upgraded. Ville noticed the 'u' switch but found your solution to be superior. The next apt build will incorporate this change, and since some significant bugs are currently being fixed, an update is not far off. Lastly, Ville mentioned creating custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for the Red Hat Linux release Valhalla running a Linux kernel load. This was discussed on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "If you encounter issues with compiling the targz source file on Friday, October Vincent, it is possible that the srcrpm source file compilation may work. To manage with a srcrpm file, you would need to perform 'rpmbuild' with the 'rebuild' target and specify the appropriate architecture ('targetarch'). The necessary filesrcrpm will prompt you for any additional packages required. Jesse Keating from the Mondo Devteam suggests consulting the rpmlist mailing list if needed." }, { "body": "I'm checking the build system type, host system type, and target system type. However, the configuration for machine 'AthalonRedhat' is not recognized. The command 'binsh adminconfigsub AthalonRedhatLinux' failed with a bad exit status. Additionally, the user 'jkeating' does not exist using root group or user. The same applies to the group 'jkeating'. Furthermore, the build process failed due to a bad exit status from prep. This issue also occurred during the preparation of the dale rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Apologies for any inconvenience, it appears I have misspelled 'rpmlist' mailing list. Let me learn how to correctly spell it." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears that you are experiencing an issue with mplayer's SDL mode not functioning correctly after upgrading, resulting in a black screen and audio only. I understand your concern and will do my best to help you resolve this issue. Regarding the black screen problem, it seems that you might have had 'libdvdevel' installed, which mplayer automatically detected. The new spec file now explicitly disables libdv when rebuilt without it. However, in your case, you didn't have libdv at all; you installed it specifically for mplayer installation. I suggest you try reinstalling mplayer without 'libdvdevel'. If that doesn't work, I would recommend checking the mplayer source RPM and the corresponding spec file to ensure everything is set up correctly. You can find the spec file at this location: matthias rpmlist mailing list. Hope this helps! Let me know if you encounter any further issues. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I believe I can help you with the issue you're having with mplayer and SDL not working after your upgrade. The problem might be due to the presence of libdvdevel, which mplayer is automatically detecting. To resolve this issue, try uninstalling libdvdevel if you have it installed. If not, ensure that you don't have any conflicting packages or libraries. Regarding your mention about the source RPM specification and libdv, it seems that the new spec file does want to build the package without libdv. However, there might be an issue with configmak during the build process. I would suggest you to revert back to the normal spec file and manually remove libdv from the buildrequires as a workaround until the issue with the new spec is resolved. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Previously, ROI stated: 'The new spec didn't even want to build the package with configmak. This is odd as it appears similar to the old one, but includes libdv and libdvdevel in the buildrequires. I manually removed it. My mistake, fixed now.' Regarding the mplayer vo sdl black screen issue you reported, I was unable to reproduce it on my home computer. It worked as expected. I am creating custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for Valhalla release running a Linux kernel load (AC online battery).' Regards, Matthias" }, { "body": "The AtahlonRedhat machine is not recognized during binsh adminconfigsub, with a failure in prep having a bad exit status. It seems you might have adjusted some default RPM flags yourself. The distro you're running doesn't appear to be standard AtahlonRedhatLinux; it should be a combination of Athlon and Linux without Redhat. However, I can't confirm this for sure. It appears that your system is setting an unusual flag for the rpm build user 'jkeating', which does not exist using the root group or user. Additionally, there seems to be an issue with the davedina project : future tv today, where the files appear to be owned by the wrong user (original spec builder Thomas). This message is sent on the rpmlist mailing list. It's urgent and the best radio on the internet." }, { "body": "I recently installed a Linux distribution that seems to have undergone extensive quality assurance testing yesterday. Despite being installed on an old Celeron box, parts of it were slow but overall, it performed well compared to my more modern machine. The interface is sleek and user-friendly, even the average user can appreciate its simplicity and leave their tech restraints behind. The applications, both KDE and GNOME, are intuitively separated not by the traditional names (gnomekde) but by their functions. It's evident that a lot of time was spent improving usability and graphics to make it more internationally accessible. For instance, the web browser icon features a world symbol with a mouse around it, while office apps have familiar icons like pens, paper, and calculators. I plan to customize the graphics with my own themes, but for wide release, this one is impressive. I miss the character of KDE and GNOME, but I'll likely tweak the graphics settings. If you get a chance, I recommend giving it a try - I think you'll be pleasantly surprised. I identify as a Linux zealot, conservative, and technomad from Evansville. We strive for our machines to make big decisions programmed by fellows with compassion and vision. Once the work is done, they will be clean, forever free, and eternally young." }, { "body": "It seems that I haven't received a response from Matthias yet, but I can see his previous message on the website and it appears that I have subscribed, likely to a digest. In the past, Steve wrote about updating packages using 'apt-get update', however, when he tried to install packages such as 'lame', it didn't work. He ran 'apt-get update' again and shared the output below: ``` apt-get update ... apt-get install lame ... Couldn't find package lame ``` Steve then suggested checking the apt-get update process more closely. After re-running 'apt-get update', it appears that the files are updated, but the installation of Synaptic (another known package) also failed. He is now trying to uninstall and reinstall apt-get, as well as exploring other methods like rpm or Synaptic. It's worth noting that the software 'the box' requires Windows NT or better, so Steve installed Linux. Additionally, he has joined a mailing list for RPM lists. Currently, Steve is stumped and looking for help from Matthias and myself." }, { "body": "Dear , Previously, Brian expressed his interest in installing ALSA (Advanced Linux Sound Architecture) on a fresh Red Hat Linux system due to its ability to run certain games like 'Search and Rescue' and 'FlightGear Flight Simulator'. He had concerns about potential complications, but was assured that with the new ALSA packages in Mandrake RPMs, it has never been easier for Red Hat Linux. The only tricky part is editing the etcmodulesconf file, however, a detailed matrix of supported cards can be found on the ALSA website to help with this process. Best Regards, Matthias Note: Custom Red Hat Linux rpm packages - Red Hat Linux Valhalla running Linux kernel load : AC Online battery rpmlist mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, I believe that with your ALSA packages, using ALSA on Red Hat Linux has never been easier. For months, I have been hand-building those ALSA packages to utilize my laptop's ESS chip for best hard disk recording and other such tasks. I didn't look forward to the tedious build every time I changed a kernel or something. With your solution, that is now a thing of the past. It's a no-brainer - just use apt-get or download and install. Additionally, OSS is fully emulated; older apps using OSS are as happy as a clam. My personal preference leans towards newer apps which use ALSA sound, as I find them to be superior. For instance, alsaplayer/xmms with the ALSA module sounds better to my ear. The modulesconf file was one of the things that used to trick people. When I started with ALSA, there wasn't an automatic matrix page, but now you truly don't know how good you have it. On my old installs, only the first time I installed it on a clean box did ALSA always mute until you fired up a mixer and turned up the music. It seems even that issue has been addressed by you as well. The only one-time thing on installation that was an issue in the past is now resolved. Those ALSA dudes had been trying to get it into the kernel, but missed it. However, it's been in for a while now, so ALSA is indeed the future of sound in the Linux kernel. As far as geometry goes, I suppose you could say that ALSA is the 'angle' that will shape the future of sound in the Linux kernel. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Matthias Haase has shipped the code with the bytecode hinter disabled, causing Nonaa fonts to appear ugly. This issue can be resolved by adding 'includefreetypeconfigftoptionh' which is well-documented. It is worth noting that Red Hat ships with the bytecode hinter enabled. The change for enabling ftoptionh seems to have been made by Red Hat in their SRPM before building. By carefully examining the SRPM, it appears that this action exactly addresses the issue at hand. Therefore, if your fonts appear ugly, lack of bytecode hinting is not likely the cause." }, { "body": "I've encountered an issue while trying to build this package as RPM found files not included in any of the packages I tried. I attempted to add them, but was unsuccessful. The problem seems to be related to the documentation being loaded. Has anyone managed to get this to work? I would appreciate your insights on this matter, especially if you have experience with the coy rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "I understand that you're encountering dependency issues while installing my package on a Rh Box system. You've tried to install both dev and lib RPMS, but they keep returning errors due to mutual dependency problems. It seems that each package requires something from the other's package. I suggest you try installing them without the 'without' options, but it appears you've already done so. The issue seems to be with the dependencies of glut, aalib, lirc and 'is', where 'is' seems to depend on each of these packages in a loop. It would be helpful if you could check if there are any specific versions of these packages that might resolve this issue. Thank you for your patience." }, { "body": "Dear Brian Fahrlender, I am having trouble installing your package on my system running Red Hat. I keep encountering dependency issues even after attempting to install the dev and lib RPMs. It appears that each package requires something from the other, creating a loop of dependencies. I've tried using the without options, but I still end up with similar issues for the regular package. Here are some specific dependencies I am running into: glut is needed by aalib, aalib is needed by lirc, lirc is needed by isdbm, isdbm is needed by what. I'm not sure what I am missing here. You mentioned that Red Hat might suggest the necessary packages for me, but since you are more familiar with this environment, I thought it would be best to reach out to you directly. I look forward to your guidance. I am reachable via ICQ at machines to make big decisions programmed by fellas with compassion and vision. We will ensure the system is clean when the work is done, always free and forever young. Regards, " }, { "body": "Hi, It seems you're having trouble building a package due to files not included in any of the packages. The issue might be with the documentation loading. Could you please provide the list of the specific files that are causing this problem? It's possible that more documents get generated when a certain doc tool is installed, and I may not have had that installed during the package rebuild. Best, Matthias PS: I am working with custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages on Valhalla release running Linux kernel load : ac online battery. If you're subscribed to the rpmlist mailing list, feel free to ask for more assistance there. Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, I have attached a patch to allow specifying an alternate kernel by defining 'target' with SMP and removing the 'buildrequires on kernelsource'. This method isn't ideal as it requires the RPM for the specified kernel to be installed, but doesn't need to be currently running. However, I believe there might be a cleaner way to do this without using an environment variable or editing the spec file directly. The idea looks good, but it needs some tweaking. It doesn't support packages named 'kernelsmp', and I prefer defining 'target' rather than using the env variable. Additionally, the 'buildrequires on kernelsource' should be removed because it may not always be necessary. Once my computer is back from repairs, I will rewrite the spec file to include support for 'kernelsmp' and send it to the list for further criticism. Regarding the issue with the alsadriver source needing a usbrelated patch to compile under the latest test kernels, I have noticed the same problem or is it just my setup? Other people using the same kernels have faced the same issue? If you have any insights on this, please share. Gary, thank you for the ALSA packages. They greatly simplified what used to take way too long before RPM. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Quaffa previously wrote: I have tried building without options, but still end up with similar issues for the regular package. Glut is required, you need to install the Glut package from Red Hat Linux and Glut-devel if you plan to recompile the source RPM. Aalib is also needed (Lirc is needed by something, something else is needed by Lirc as well, and another thing is needed by that). Both aalib and lirc can be obtained from freshrpms.net. They are small and can be quite useful. You should be able to eliminate those two if you rebuild the source RPM, otherwise it may be a bug in my packaging. To rebuild without aalib or lirc, use 'rpmbuild rebuild --without aalib --without lirc'. If this doesn't resolve the issue, it might be a problem with my custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages (Valhalla running Linux Kernel Load). For any assistance regarding online battery RPM list, please refer to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Thank you Matthias, it appears that after installing the packages, Xine is now working as expected. I suppose I should have figured that out on my own. Thank you for your assistance on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Apologies for any confusion, but I understand now that the fonts appearing ugly is not due to a lack of bytecode hinting. This issue seems to occur only within applications when antialiasing is enabled. Unfortunately, I did not have a better solution yesterday late in the evening. Regards from Germany." }, { "body": "Hello Matthias, Regarding your request, I've rebuilt the rpmbuild rebuild target and encountered an error. The output suggests that 'rpm build user' and 'root user' do not exist. However, the unpackaged files are present: usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/basichtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/contributorshtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/exampleshtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/historyhtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/indexhtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/lamecss, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/modeshtml, usr/shared/doc/clamehtml/switchshtml, rpmlist. The issue seems to be related to the user accounts mentioned in the error message. Best regards," }, { "body": "The error message indicates that the 'dude' user does not exist during the rpm build process, even when using root. The issue seems to be related to unpackaged files under 'usr/shared/doc/clamehtml', specifically 'basichtml', 'contributorshtml', 'exampleshtml', and 'historyhtml'. This problem appears to stem from the spec file not accounting for all the files produced during the rpm build. Russell Herrold has brought this to the attention of the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "In the MPlayer source package, the 'with' and 'without' options seem to be malfunctioning. I have opted for not using arts, but it still insists on installing with arts. This issue is being reported on the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "In the mplayer src package, it appears that the 'with' and 'without' options are not functioning correctly. I managed to run it without arts, but it still attempts to install with arts. This time, it seems that xinelibs configure script underestimated its capabilities, as it does not appear to support disabling arts. If you have artsdevel installed, the support for arts will be compiled in. Additionally, I made a mistake and added the configure option to disable Lirc or Xinelib when it should have been for XineUI. These issues are addressed in the upcoming release. Furthermore, custom RPM packages for Red Hat Linux Valhalla were built with Linux kernel load and AC Online battery. The RPMList mailing list was used." }, { "body": "Dear Alvie, It appears that you are encountering an issue with DVD playback on devhdc, and hdparm is returning 'operation not permitted'. One possible solution could be to enable DMA transfers. Here's a step-by-step guide: 1. Open the terminal. 2. Type 'sudo nano /etc/modprobe.d/dvd-cd.conf' 3. Scroll down and add 'options dvd-cd dma=1' to the file. 4. Save the file and exit nano. 5. Type 'sudo update-initramfs -u' to update the initramfs. 6. Reboot your system. Please let me know if this resolves your issue. If not, I'd be happy to help you troubleshoot further." }, { "body": "Hello, On Sunday, your HDPARM command for devhdc on Alvie reported an 'operation not permitted' error while attempting DVD playback, which appears to be jumpy. Could you please suggest some solutions to enable DMA transfers? I added the 'idecd' option and posted this question on the Chris Kloiber RPMList mailing list. Best, Alvie" }, { "body": "Thank you for your message. The DVD is now working fine for me, but I'm encountering an issue where I can't extract the contents of the DVD. The last message suggests using libdvdcss for DVD access, but it fails on Sun. When using hdparm devhdc, it returns 'Operation not permitted'. DVD playback is very jumpy. Do you have any suggestions on how to enable DMA transfers? I've added 'idecd' as an option. I thought you might be able to help, or perhaps someone from the rpmlist mailing list could provide insight." }, { "body": "When I attempt to use 'apt-get upgrade', it suggests installing libusb, but I already have the same version. The issue seems to arise from the RPM list mailing list. This may indicate a conflict or incorrect package dependency." }, { "body": "On Monday, October 4th, I encountered an issue when trying to use apt-get upgrade. It suggested installing libusb, but I already had the same version and attempted to remove it without nodeps. However, this caused a collapse. After removing libusb and using apt-get f install, everything was fine. I am Brian Fahrlender, a Linux zealot, conservative, and technomad from Evansville. I've been stuck in a long journey, so I thought I'd let you know." }, { "body": "Hello Thomas, I'm having issues with some kernel packages for kernelsources in my build scripts. The problem is that when I run 'apt-get install kernelsource', it tells me that 'kernelsource' is a virtual package. This doesn't help me much as it doesn't explain the two options available. Could you please clarify how I can instruct apt-get to install one of these packages? As this is done automatically in my build scripts, I'd like it to proceed without interruption. Thanks, The davedina project: Future TV Today - I'm Alive - The best radio on the internet (rpmlist mailing list)" }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, Thank you for your help with the DVD issue. It's working great now! I think I will modify my Ogle package so that it automatically adds the options to etcmodules.conf. Currently, it creates the devdvd link to devcdrom which works most of the time if there is only one drive. However, if no devdvd exists, it can cause issues (eek!). I'm not sure if it's just me, but I don't think this approach is ideal. I suggest outputting a message in post and providing a readme of some kind would be better. Additionally, perhaps adding a note in the description could help clarify things for others. Looking forward to your feedback on the Ikifi RPMList mailing list. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Ville originally suggested that his 'ogle' package will automatically add this option to etcmodulesconf, but currently creates a link from devdvd to devcdrom. This works well if there is only one drive, but may cause issues if no devdvd exists. Ville thinks a message in the post section and providing a readme would be better. He also suggests adding a note in the description about why this happens: If no devdvd exists, it will create it; if devdvd exists, it won't make any changes. For a DVD player installation on Red Hat Linux, Ville assumes that the hardware is recent enough for software playback and that the drive is a DVD-ROM, all of which support DMA. However, since the change requires a reboot or manual alteration, he is still hesitant to integrate it. His goal is to allow users to install a DVD player quickly through Synaptic and play DVDs easily. Placing a tip in the description instead of the post section seems like a good idea to Ville." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, Alvie wrote to you about having trouble rebuilding Transcode from scratch. The error message provided is quite extensive and includes the following issues: type declarations not defined, syntax errors, parse errors, conflicting types, invalid conversions, and undefined variables. Here's a summary of some of the main problems: - Waveformatex, fmt, and avmwaveformatname are not defined as types. - There are issues with the declaration of fprintf, samples, buffersize, buffer, fflush, ipipe, syncstr, and pwrite. - Some variables (like iso c) appear to be undefined or incorrectly used. Alvie mentions that this issue might be due to a missing library (libdvdcssdevel), which they believe could be the cause of their current Red Hat build of Transcode having avifile support disabled. They also suggest that it may be a simple mistake on their part, as they haven't used Transcode for a while. In conclusion, Alvie is seeking help to resolve these issues with Transcode on their home computer and would appreciate any assistance you can provide. Thank you." }, { "body": "Alvie previously wrote about an issue with rpmbuild rebuild, which has a parse error before 'if' due to the absence of avifile being defined as a type. This problem seems to be related to support. Typically, your build of transcode doesn't use avifile, but you can force it by using '-with' for recompiling against it. Could there be an old avifile installation? You might want to check the configure line run at the start of the rebuild process to see if it includes the option '--enable-avifile'. Regarding your custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages, they are being built on Valhalla running a Linux kernel. For any further assistance, you may refer to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, I believe I understand your concerns about the current approach. It might be more appropriate to provide a README file with the RPM, and possibly include a note in the description as to why 'eek'. If no devdvd exists, it will create it; if it does exist, it won't interfere. However, users who have CD drives that don't support DMA may encounter issues. To avoid any potential system disruption, it would be advisable to not modify the modulesconf during installation unless absolutely necessary. If 'ogle' adds the DMA setting in modulesconf, and nothing else requires it, then it can be safely removed. Regarding your suggestion, I think separating the creation of symlinks and modulesconf modifications into a separate RPM sounds like a good idea. This could help mitigate potential issues with uninstallation or users with CD drives that don't support DMA. Lastly, I share your goal of allowing users to install a DVD player quickly through Synaptic. However, due to the nature of the change required, which may necessitate a reboot or manual modification, I am still hesitant to integrate it at this time. Best regards, Ille Skytt (Villeskytta)" }, { "body": "Matthias, I believe you won't abandon or delete these and the modulesconf change on uninstall. However, users who install this RPM with a DVD drive or an ordinary CD drive that doesn't support DMA might end up with a non-functioning CD drive after removing the RPM, without understanding what caused the issue. It's tricky because you can't remove the DMA setting from modulesconf unless you're certain that 'ogle' added it there and nothing else requires it. I've never encountered any CD/DVD drives having issues with DMA, but it's possible given Red Hat's decision to default disabling it in recent releases. If Chris could confirm this, I suppose I'll accept the devdvd link change as described and include a tip about DMA in the description. As for your custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for Valhalla release running Linux kernel load on rpmlist mailing list, carry on." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias Saou, Alvie wrote that the parse error before if in your recent build of transcode is due to the fact that avifile, which was used as a type but not defined, is not installed or properly defined. He suggested checking the configure line at the beginning of the rebuild process to see if it includes the option to force recompiling against avifile. It appears you correctly guessed in an earlier email that there were still remnants from an old failed avifile installation, as the transcode srcrpm now builds perfectly. Thank you very much for your help, Alvie. Your expertise in creating custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages has been valuable in resolving this issue on Valhalla running Linux kernel load. Best regards," }, { "body": "On Monday, October 18th, Mathias Saou mentioned that CD-ROM or DVD-ROM drives have never had problems with DMA, but since Red Hat decided to disable it by default in a few releases, there might be issues. During my tenure as a PC repair tech at a computer store chain, I encountered several DVD drives that would lock up if DMA was enabled. This seems to be more of a chipset/drive issue rather than the drive itself. Jesse Keating's insights on the Mondo devteam mailing list might have been helpful for others." }, { "body": "In the past, Jesse mentioned that he encountered DVD drives locking up when DMA (Direct Memory Access) was enabled while working as a PC repair tech for a computer store chain. He suggested that this issue is more of a chipset-drive problem rather than an individual drive concern. If I'm correct, the chipset in question was either VIA or SIS. Following Red Hat's approach, I will leave the DMA setting alone and direct users to a page with instructions on how to enable it at their own risk. This discussion pertains to custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages, running on the Valhalla release of Red Hat Linux, utilizing the Linux kernel load as listed in the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "I understand that you will proceed with the link change for devdvd as mentioned, and add the DMA tip to the description. Thank you for your response, it makes me feel more at ease. I'm Ille Skytte from the ikifi rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Does your organization have any plans to distribute Nessus RPMs? This is a question regarding the IkiFi RPM list mailing list." }, { "body": "Previously, Ville mentioned plans for rolling Nessus RPMs for Miss It, and it appears that this is one of the RPM-related emails left in your inbox. As it's a substantial piece requiring testing, I mentioned it privately as I tend to be a bit lazy about such tasks. However, I will make an effort to package it as soon as possible or at least set up a testing version first if I fear there may be imperfections. The packages will be for a custom Red Hat Linux distribution, Valhalla, running the Linux kernel load. This is in reference to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "I have uploaded a new build of Nessus on Red Hat Linux. Although it's untested, it should be fine. The new menu has been added, but some configuration files may need adjustments due to the new or different defaults. I welcome your feedback. This is a custom Red Hat Linux RPM package running Valhalla release with Linux Kernel load list on rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Subject: Request for a fixed spec file for XMMS Dear Community, I have encountered an issue with XMMS as Redhat has disabled support for files relinking it with a module. I was wondering if anyone here has a working spec file for XMMS that is capable of playing audio, as this would be most helpful. Unfortunately, I have not been able to get XMMS to work properly on my system; it didn't function as expected and gave me a black screen. I thought the issue might have been with my setup, similar to MPlayer not working under certain conditions, but I am now suspecting that there may be a problem with XMMS itself. Could someone please share any relevant information or guidance on this matter? I am currently seeking assistance from the rpmlist mailing list as well, but your insights would be greatly appreciated. Thank you, " }, { "body": "Matthias Saou previously mentioned that XMMS did not work for him as well, and he thought it might be an issue from his end but found out it was normal due to Red Hat removing all support because of patent and royalty issues. He suggested finding the XMMS plugin on freshrpms.net, but also mentioned the availability of libmad lame encoder and soon, other plugins. However, he noted that not only XMMS, but also players like Alsaplayer, Xine, Mplayer (like MPlayer), are experiencing issues and display a black screen. He emphasized this is abnormal, and suggested trying 'mplayer vo help' then using various output methods to see if some do work or not. Matthias also mentioned that mplayer works with dga when he is root and works with sdl but does not now with Redhat, giving a black screen window and playing the music of the movie. This issue occurs on the RPMList mailing list." }, { "body": "Previously, ROI mentioned that mplayer works with DGA when logged as root and with SDL, but not currently on Red Hat, displaying a black screen window and playing the movie's music. Interestingly, it works for him, and he suspects that the issue might be related to sdlimage or something similar. Please check the custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for Valhalla release running Linux kernel load, if not already done." }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, In your email, Joshua suggested a way to generalize ALSA (Advanced Linux Sound Architecture) for easier building of custom kernel modules. He proposed creating scripts or step-by-step instructions, such as building a kernel RPM with ALSA, getting the kernel source, and running a customkernelsh script. However, he expressed that it might not be worth the effort due to potential system breakage if not carefully tested. He also suggested an alternative approach, which is to leave the current kernel unchanged, get the ALSA driver RPM, rebuild and install the resulting packages. Drivers like ltmodem, nvidia-alsa, etc., can be easily repackaged separately as RPMS and ported for various kernel RPMS from the source RPM. He further explained that what you described seems to be the opposite of RPM packaging, which is more about a 'one size fits all' approach in the general case. He also mentioned that the kernel isn't an exception as there are packages optimized for various processors. However, he expressed concern about including the kernel in his packaging due to potential issues for new users. This applies to major components like GNOME, KDE, and other distribution bits as well. He wants users who use his packages to be able to upgrade to the next Red Hat Linux release without encountering problems. Lastly, he mentioned that he wants to keep the kernel away from his packaging to prevent newbies from potentially damaging their systems due to packages on his website. Best regards, Chris" }, { "body": "Dear Matthias, Thank you for your help with getting the speakers and subwoofer working in digital out mode. However, I'm still confused about switching between analog and digital modes as I have a tuner and cassette deck hooked up to line-in on an sLive which is currently in analog mode. Digital out works great now. Lance mentioned that he got ALSA installed and there is no static in between like before, but the sound is only coming from the front speakers and subwoofer, with no sound from the rear speakers. Additionally, ALSAmixer or aumix are unresponsive. Perhaps you could find more information or tips on the ALSA page for your card. Alternatively, you could try editing the ecasoundstate by hand using alsactl store editing and then running alsactl restore to see if you're able to change what you want. I hope this helps! Let me know if there are any further insights or tips that would be beneficial. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear All, I would like to express my gratitude to everyone involved in making these RPMs accessible. Thank you, Matthias and Lance. I have successfully managed to get all four speakers with subwoofer working in digital out mode using Gamixer. However, I am still perplexed about switching between analog and digital modes as I have a tuner and cassette deck hooked up to the line-in on an SBLive, which is currently in analog mode. The digital out function works splendidly now. Previously, Matthias (Saou) wrote that he had successfully installed ALSA with no static interference as before. However, his setup is digital but sound is only coming from the front speakers and subwoofer; the rear speakers are not producing any sound. Additionally, both alsamixer and aumix are unresponsive. He suggested looking for more information or tips on the ALSA page for your card, also trying to manually edit the alsactl store and run alsactl restore to see if changes can be made. Matthias (Saou), as a System and Network Engineer from Barcelona, Spain, Electronic Group Interactive Phone: rpmlist mailing list, provided some useful tips on finding files larger than a given size using the command 'find path/directory -type f -size nk' where n is a number like for and multiples thereof. Discussions on this topic can be found in the July edition of the rpmlist mailing list. Thank you, " }, { "body": "Matthias Saou, it seems that in your build directory, some packages have hard-coded a path which appears to be your home directory when being compiled. This could potentially be due to some programs incorrectly coding your home directory during the compilation process. These issues seem to be bugs in the programs' build processes, especially noticeable with Xine. I plan to report them upstream if I have some free time. This issue is a common one when building things from source. It's generally wise to use a special build environment to avoid such hassles. As Cameron Simpson suggests, you might have a library loading path in your env and an 'strace' of the app will show the app calling 'dude'. To prevent this kind of error, I recommend using a script like 'logbuild', which starts a shell with a minimal build environment logged with scripts. This prevents errors caused by configuration scripts yanking various undocumented values from your environment for use in the build process. It's often the easiest thing to have a special non-root account with no profile for building things. Cheers!" }, { "body": "I understand your issue. You're trying to rebuild an ALSA driver package for a custom kernel on your Red Hat system, but you're encountering errors during the RPM rebuild process. It seems there are some undefined symbols related to sndhackusbsetinterface in your kernel source configuration. Here's a suggestion: Check if there is a mistake in the config file for your kernel source (usrsrcyourkernelsourceconfig). Make sure that the line where you define sndhackusbsetinterface is correctly formatted and all necessary symbols are defined before it. If the problem persists, consider seeking help on the Linux or RPM mailing lists, particularly the rpmlist mailing list. Also, if you're trying to find files larger than a given size in a directory, you can use the command 'find path/to/directory -type f -size +nk', where n is the number of kilobytes or multiples thereof." }, { "body": "Dear Ille Skytt, I have reviewed your email regarding an ALSA bug that affects the configuration of ALSA when using 'withcardsall'. It seems the issue lies in the automatic activation of certain configsndusb macros even if configusb is not set. You propose to patch the alsadriverspec to rectify this problem and suggest sending it to the ALSA developers for consideration. I will look into hooking up your proposed patch in our alsadriverspec, but I would also recommend sending it directly to the ALSA developer community for their review and potential integration. It appears that someone on this list may already be part of the ALSA developer community and could help shepherd this through for you. Regarding your suggestion about freshrpmsnet rpms, I believe it is more appropriate to address upstream changes directly rather than including it in freshrpmsnet rpms. Best regards," }, { "body": "Ville previously stated that it is off-topic to include the mentioned issue in freshrpmsnet RPMs. Ville's opinion is that upstream is the correct approach, especially since most of the packages are primarily intended for original Red Hat Linux kernels. If someone removes USB support from their kernel, they likely won't recompile ALSA with all drivers anyway. Matthias, a system and network engineer based in Barcelona, Spain, concurs with this viewpoint." }, { "body": "Dear List Members, I am writing to share some insights about the ALSAspecial Mixer, which I've found to be a useful addition alongside other mixers when special requirements arise. Recently, Matthias Saou mentioned that he had built it some time ago and might need a rebuild. Ville initially looked for an init script due to the ALSAspecial Mixer, as it was what sparked his interest. He didn't check if the existing setup would have worked with it. After using it for just a few days, Ville reports that both the main and PCM volume levels can be adjusted either through alsamixer or the classic aumix. ALSA has proven to be quite impressive as it works seamlessly without breaking any OSS compatibility. While my experience is limited, I believe it would be beneficial for other list members to try out this mixer. They can report back on any problems they encounter, particularly the issues with libasoundso and wrong xine dependency which have been resolved in the current packages. I'd also like to mention that I've finally implemented sorting by both last change date and alphabetically for my build list in the php code. I welcome any patches, comments, suggestions regarding all those spec files. Best regards, " }, { "body": "If you're currently running the Null Beta, you might appreciate these GNOME theme packages. They are enhanced and re-packaged from my previous theme packs, now conforming to the way prerelease handles themes for Red Hat. Red Hat has a Preferences Themes app, but only themes with both 'themes' and 'aka' themes available will show up there. When applied, the theme is applied to both GTK versions, ensuring that users don't notice different GTK toolkit versions are being used as they should look the same. This RPM has ported themes for those themes included in the Red Hat package 'gtkengines' themes pack. Mainly, these re-packaged theme RPMs aim to please Null Beta users and will supposedly also be suitable when the next release comes out. For this one, you'll need gtkengines and a thinice engine. Note that the link might be old by now, but it's 'angle' as in geometry." }, { "body": "Dear Ille Skytt Villeskytta, I appreciate your feedback on the newly installed build at iki.fi. The new menu has been added, but some configuration files may require adjustments with new or different defaults. Everything seemed to work smoothly during a local scan. Your feedback is invaluable for improvements. Thank you and best regards." }, { "body": "In your earlier email, you mentioned that 'rpm build' encountered an issue due to the non-existent user 'dude' while using root. However, this seems to be a normal occurrence since the user doesn't exist. What puzzles me is that this message appears at the beginning of the build process, but it's a reminder file, isn't it? I would expect such a reminder at the end. Furthermore, you mentioned that 'argh, I forgot to exclude aaxine from the files when using without aalib.' The current spec file should address this issue now. Lastly, you were building custom RPM packages for Red Hat Linux running the Valhalla release with a Linux kernel load. This was discussed in the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Long ago, ROI mentioned that XMMS didn't work for him either. He suspected it might be an issue from his end, but it turns out this is a common occurrence due to Red Hat removing all support because of patent and royalty issues. You can find the XMMS plugin on freshrpms.net, as well as libmad lame encoder. Soon, many other players like Alsaplayer, Xine, MPlayer (specifically not 'mplayer' but 'mplayer vo help') may also have trouble playing files and may display a black screen. This is abnormal, though you might try using 'mplayer vo help' first and then experiment with various output methods to see if any work. Additionally, Mathias creates custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for the Valhalla release of Red Hat Linux running Linux kernel load." }, { "body": "Hi Panu, In your build scripts, I've noticed some issues with the kernel packages for kernelsource. When you run 'apt-get install kernelsource', it informs you that 'kernelsource' is a virtual package. This doesn't explicitly state the available options. However, when a package is marked as 'allowduplicated', it means multiple versions of the same package can be installed simultaneously. In your case, since there seems to be only one version available, 'apt-get install' will proceed with the installation. The output might appear strange due to the way apt handles virtual packages. If you wish for the scripts to proceed regardless, you can add a command that forces the installation, such as 'apt-get -y install kernelsource'. I hope this helps! Let me know if you need further assistance." }, { "body": "Regarding the topic of CD-ROM/DVD-ROM drive problems with DMA, I've rarely encountered such issues myself, but it's plausible given that Red Hat made the switch to disable DMA in some recent releases. During my tenure as a PC repair technician at a computer store chain, I did come across several DVD drives that would freeze when DMA was enabled. This issue seems to be more associated with chipset/drive compatibility rather than the drive itself. Interestingly, my IBM Intellistation would lock up immediately if DMA was enabled for the CD-ROM. However, if the CD had Joliet extensions, it functioned normally with DMA enabled." }, { "body": "Hi Matthias Saou, It appears that the XMMS plugin you're trying to install is causing it to segfault upon exit. However, there seems to be another plugin available for listening to your old files. I have an XMMS ALSA module that I've been using for a while now. Additionally, there are RPMs for AlsaPlayer that work well. Both were built on an Rh Box with Errata, current as of the build date. Currently, I'm running Null Rh Beta and recall that alsaxmms still functions. I can't remember if Alsaplayer needs a rebuild in this version. As a side note, Alsaplayer is maturing into a versatile application, which I've been packaging for numerous releases now. I've also scripted the CVS build of alsaxmms to make it easier to spin another one if these RPMS don't work on Null Rh Beta. Regarding this matter, please find my packages in the 'rpmlist' mailing list." }, { "body": "After installing and enabling xosdxmms, I encounter an error when attempting to start xmms: 'unexpected async reply sequence'. The application starts but it fails to detect mouse commands. Thank you, Mike D. Michael Basinger, rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Apologies for the late response to your email from last week. I'm afraid I'm not sure what could be causing the issue you're experiencing with DVD playback using Ogle Xine, VLC, or Mplayer. Here are a few questions that might help identify the problem: 1. Does this occur with different DVDs or just one? 2. Are you using oss or alsa for audio output? Have you tried both? 3. Are you using binary packages or recompiling from source? I recall a user experiencing similar trouble after upgrading libdvdcss to a recent version, but I haven't heard the final outcome yet. If it's not already, could you please check your libdvdcss version? Additionally, this issue might be related to your custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages: Red Hat Linux release Valhalla running Linux kernel load. I recommend checking if there are any known issues with DVD playback in this specific environment. Regards, Matthias" }, { "body": "I have also attempted to rebuild my RPM database, however it has not resolved the issue. I've noticed that the files seem rather small (gensrclist, genpkglist, archives, srcpkgcachebin, pkgcachebin). I ran strings on them and they do not appear to contain a complete listing of either my system's installed RPMs or the RPMs in the ls -l total. These files have a 'lock' partial name and if I kill them, they are recreated about the same size the next time I run apt-get. I posted about this issue last week and am still unable to find a solution. Apt-get is not functioning as expected and I cannot determine the cause. I've tried removing RPMs, ensuring all traces were removed (including apt varstate and apt varcache), but I still get 'couldn't find package' when running apt-get install. Any insights would be appreciated. Below is a log of a fresh rpm - apt -apt-devel rm -rf etcapt varcacheapt varstateapt, followed by the output of running rpm ivh dsa, nokey key id preparing apt-get update, ign release pkglist release pkglist release srclist srclist srclist fetched in reading package lists done, apt-get install, reading package lists done, building dependency tree done, 'couldn't find package' aptcache search resulted in a search for xmms, beats me. I installed Linux (Steve Kann Chief Engineer at Ave Ny HorizonLiveCom) as it is required to collaborate and interact with 'the box', however it says the box requires Windows NT or better. As a result, I have also installed Linux." }, { "body": "Will there be issues if my Red Hat (RH) based apt server operates concurrently with clients running on Red Hat? Can different versions of the same OS interoperate? Thank you, Thomas Baker, Systems Programmer at Research Computing Center, University of New Hampshire, Morse Hall, Durham, NH, USA. Regarding RPM list." }, { "body": "Previously, Thomas asked about potential issues if his APT server is running RHEL (Red Hat Enterprise Linux) and some clients are connecting and will also be on RHEL. He inquired whether the two different versions would interoperate without any problems whatsoever. Currently, aptfreshrpms.net is operational with APT and many clients are utilizing it. Matthias creates custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages for these clients. The operating system being used by Thomas is Red Hat Linux Release Valhalla, which uses the Linux kernel load 'ac online battery'. He referred to the rpmlist mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm looking for someone who has created a working source RPM for 'rip' on Red Hat. Mattias has a spec file on the site and there are some spec files available on the 'rip' website as well, including one that I patched a while ago. However, it seems that the makefile automatically generated is trying to install Perl libraries onto the system, which is not desirable. Additionally, at the moment, 'rip' needs to be called with 'perliostdio', as it doesn't seem to work with 'perlio' in Perl. I'm not sure about the cleanest way to fix this issue. Is anyone currently working on this? Thanks." }, { "body": "Previously, Michl wrote about a working source RPM for 'rip' on Red Hat, stating that he hasn't tried it yet but if he had, he likely moved on to another package after encountering one of the issues mentioned. If anyone sends him patches for his spec file and any necessary additional patches, he would be more than happy to create a new build. This email was sent to the rpmlist mailing list about creating clean custom Red Hat Linux RPM packages, specifically for the Red Hat Linux release 'Valhalla' running the Linux kernel 'load'. " }, { "body": "Dear Reader, David Walsh forwards an article from The Irish Digest about Billy in the Bowl, a story that is also immortalized in an old Dublin song and mentioned in a Pogues track. Billy was a legless beggar in the alleys of Stoneybatter and Grangegorman during the 18th century, where you now reside. He discovered a new but not entirely legal way to make money. The article details the story of 'The Case of the Stoneybatter Strangler,' set in your neighborhood. Billy, known as the handsome deformed beggar in the bowl, developed a plan to rob his donors. One night, he made the biggest mistake of his life. Eighteenth-century Dublin was famous for two things: the architectural beauty of its public buildings and the large number of beggars who sought alms in its labyrinthine streets and lanes. Among these beggars, Billy in the Bowl stood out because he relied on a large bowl-shaped cart with wheels to move around, pushing himself along by wooden plugs. Born without legs, nature compensated him with powerful arms and shoulders, and an unusually handsome face, his greatest asset in his daily routine of separating sympathetic passersby from their small change. However, his greed led him to evolve a plan to rob unsuspecting sympathizers. One cold March evening, as dusk was falling, Billy put his plan into operation. The victim was a middle-aged woman who was passing through Grangegorman Lane on her way to visit friends in Queen Street on Dublin's North Quays. Hearing the woman's footsteps, Billy hid behind some bushes and, upon drawing close, he moaned, shouted, and cried out for help, causing the woman to dash towards him. Seizing the opportunity, Billy grabbed the woman and strangled her, eventually succeeding in robbing her. The incident caused a stir, but the police could not identify the assailant. Months later, Billy attempted his tactics on a sturdy servant girl who resisted fiercely, leading to the 'Grangegorman Lane Murder.' The district became chaotic for a couple of months, but Billy eventually returned to his old ways, continuing to rob sympathetic servant girls until he was apprehended by Dublin's first police force. Best, Rev. Dave Walsh" }, { "body": "Although I didn't claim it could learn all combinatorial possibilities, it can indeed learn some combinatorial concepts. However, it might not be able to grasp all of them in a straightforward manner. It's important to understand that it can learn examples that are linearly separable, such as those you provided earlier. Unfortunately, it may not be capable of learning the example you mentioned below, as it is not linearly separable." }, { "body": "Hello Erik Rudolf, I've noticed there are issues with the latest nightly build of SpamAssassin integrated with vMailMgr and oMailAdmin. The scan is producing an 'no' result. Could someone take a look at the code to see if option f might be missing? You can find relevant discussions on the SpamAssassin Develop mailing list. Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Craig Hughes, Are you ensuring that the non-spamtrap is not inadvertently filtering legitimate newsletters, as some have allegedly sold your email address to third parties without your consent? If so, it would be advisable to manually verify that all the emails within this trap are indeed non-spammy. So far, it appears they are opt-in subscriptions, with no affiliate deals or other suspicious content. Regarding the SFNet email sponsorship, it seems you've expressed dissatisfaction with the same old cell phone offers. I'd like to inform you that we have a new offer available here for free - a spam assassin talk mailing list. This could potentially help manage your incoming emails more effectively." }, { "body": "Dear Justin Shore, Pittsburgh State University Network Systems Manager, I'm writing to inform you about an update regarding our spam filtering system. It appears that the scores assigned by SpamAssassin are currently biased towards non-HTML, non-newsletterish mail. However, over the last month, we have been adding a 'nonspamtrap' to every legitimate newsletter we can find. This action should mean that tests which match common newsletter practices will no longer get such high scores once we re-run the gauge. I recently encountered a false positive - a solicited ad from applecom on educator deals. If you would like, I can send you a copy of this message for your records and will add it to our nonspam corpus. Regards, Craig Hughes" }, { "body": "Dear Ken Scott, Thank you for reaching out regarding your issues with SpamAssassin. To clarify, if a user has a line in their spamassassinuserprefs file specifying an exception for yahoogroups.com, it does not mean that no action will be taken against any mail coming from this domain. However, the checking process will still be applied. To ignore such mail, you would need to add a rule in userprefs specifically for yahoogroups.com, for example:  t theader_CHECK _RBL yahoogroups.com - This rule tells SpamAssassin to check the RBL (Realtime Blackhole List) for the yahoogroups.com domain and if it is listed, mark the email as non-spam. If you want to bypass the SpamAssassin filtering entirely for emails from this domain, you can use:  t tyahoo _ Header_CHECK sum -100 This will give a negative score (highly trusted) to any email that has 'Yahoo' in its headers. Before deploying SpamAssassin systemwide, I recommend testing it with a few users who are on yahoogroups lists first. If you encounter issues, please don't hesitate to ask for assistance. Thank you and best regards, " }, { "body": "In the provided email, Ken Scott is discussing about his SpamAssassin user preferences. The line 'whitelist_from : yahoogroups.com' in his userprefs file does not mean that the program will ignore all mail coming from yahoogroups.com entirely. Instead, it suggests that the program will still perform checks against such emails but won't take any action if they pass. If they fail, a negative score is added which may still direct them to the spam folder. To ensure that emails from yahoo groups are completely ignored, Ken should consider implementing a Procmail rule for Yahoo groups lists before deploying it systemwide. Regarding the compensation rule, if Ken wants to avoid these emails being marked as spam, he might need to add his own compensation rule or increase the negative score randomly generated by the whitelist scorer." }, { "body": "Here is an update regarding the cvsroot/spamassassin/spamassassin/masses directory. Modifications have been made to the masscheck log and additions to masscheckrcs have been incorporated. Retrieving revision for masscheckv. The latest results from the mass check can now be printed from 'on' whenn. Also, the version of spamtest has been updated and will now print along with the results. Lastly, this sfnet email is sponsored by OSDN. If you're tired of your old cell phone, we have a new one available for free. For more information, check out our spamassassin commits mailing list." }, { "body": "Given the current confusion, let's allow these individuals until the end of today to upload their logs. On a related note, I accidentally left out the 'spamtrap' stuff from the corpus directory in my logs, but it should definitely be included. I'm unsure if you've included it in yours or not - it appears to be from Kelsey's mailtraps on Thursday, August at am. Also, it seems that the files Justin Mason provided are outdated, as they have no date comment and will be named nonspamdanielplog, nonspamdanielrlog, nonspamduncanlog, nonspamjameslog, nonspamlaagerlog, nonspammessagelabslog, nonspammsquadratlog, nonspamolivierlog, nonspamoliviernlog, nonspamquinlanlog, nonspamrodbegbielog, nonspamseanlog, and nonspamtheolog. Lastly, the SFNET email you received is sponsored by OSDN and seems to be promoting a free spam assassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "On Thursday, August at , Justin Mason and Craig Rhughes discussed a change in the meaning of the 'lang' prefix. The new interpretation would be to run these rules if the language matches what Textcat identifies for a message, as opposed to using the locale which is currently in use. I had forgotten about this. However, this does not help with the findingbrokenrules QA case. It does aid if you have a corpus of German spam and non-spam messages to feed it and you're not in a DE locality. This SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one for free from our spamassassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "I believe you're asking about your public key and whether it is necessary for someone to buy licenses of SpamAssassin Pro. To clarify, the person in question does not need your public key specifically. However, if you wish to ensure that emails from them are not spam, you might consider adding a Habeas header to your mail. This could potentially help verify that the emails are coming from a trusted source. Nonetheless, enforcement will be crucial in this case, and we'll have to see how they handle it. It is theoretically possible to sign messages to someone's public key using creative scripting and openPGP-compatible software." }, { "body": "Hello Luiz Felipe Ceglia, Staff Terenet, I understand you have installed SpamAssassin on your Postfix MTA server and are looking to test it on your email account before applying it site-wide. You've configured Procmail and SpamAssassin as described in the installation guide. However, the spams are getting through untouched when you run it. It seems there might be an issue with your rules or configuration. I suggest checking the following: 1. Ensure that your SpamAssassin rules (usrbinspamassassin c etc/mail/spamassassin-rules) are correctly set up and functioning as intended. 2. Verify if the spams are getting tagged as spam but not blocked or moved to the junk folder. 3. Review your filter settings, as there might be an oversight that's allowing spam messages to pass through. Hope this helps! Let me know if you need further assistance. Regards, " }, { "body": "The latest DCC version of the DCC source is now available and we should begin addressing DCCM bugs related to handling a nonresponsive server. Modify sendmailcf to reject unauthorized relay attempts with a temporary failure when they are intended for DCC but DCCM is not running, this will prevent leakage of relay spam. Use the new hackmc script to install this change in sendmailcf. Remove whitelisted entries from cdcc stats output to provide more space for totals. Prevent empty dccproc log files as suggested by Krzysztof Snopek. In addition, fatal errors should cause dccproc to exit to avoid rejecting mail as noted by Krzysztof Snopek. When server hostnames share common IP addresses, prefer the server with the non-anonymous client ID as suggested by Krzysztof Snopek. This is regarding the DCC mailing list on sfnet, sponsored by OSDN." }, { "body": "The current situation is regarding a Whitelist RBL (Realtime Blackhole List) for Ironport's Bonded Sender, which essentially serves as a whitelist where you post a bond to be included and lose it if spamming occurs from that IP address. On the other hand, DNSBL (Domain Name System-based Blackhole List) allows checking if an IP address has been blacklisted by someone. However, there is no existing service offering a DNS-based Whitelist. The reason for this is that DNS lists, whether white or black, are effective only for a limited number of IPs. If a binary decision (accept or reject) needs to be made, it will result in fewer errors by rejecting the blacklist and accepting everything else rather than the other way around. A whitelist is beneficial only when mail is desired from a restricted number of known sources, or when a secondary system like SPF is utilized to decide the course of action for the large, unlisted masses. Most MTAs (Mail Transfer Agents) make only this binary decision due to the high cost of the secondary computation. However, with SpamAssassin's cooperation, it might be worth exploring this idea further. It is also potentially beneficial if commercial anti-spam outfits agree to factor this in." }, { "body": "I'm a bit surprised that spams are managing to hit my clean corpus, as I suspect someone may have forwarded a spam that then got processed into my corpus. My corpus is quite clean and I usually don't get spam hits, but it seems like it's being forged already. To address this, we could try to figure out which non-spams are hitting and improve the rule. For instance, removing spaces from the list of gap characters might help. I subscribe to Media Unspun newsletter and a few others that regularly use the 'headline' thing. Splitting it into one that matches gappy text with punctuation characters and another that matches spaces between characters would probably improve its effectiveness if anyone is interested. If you encounter any issues, I suggest filing a bug report. Regarding the SFNET email, it seems to be sponsored by OSDN and promoting the same old cell phone 'get a new one for free' spam. The SpamAssassin development mailing list might want to be aware of this." }, { "body": "Are you using 'usr/bin/spamassassin c etc/mail/spamassassin-rules' with line breaks, or is it all on one line as 'usr/bin/spamassassin c etc/mail/spamassassin-rules all'? It should be the latter. This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one for free with SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Brian R Melcer, I have rephrased your email as follows: I have successfully installed and tested SpamAssassin on macOS X, however, I'm still encountering issues with spamd. In addition to exploring new and different uses for SpamAssassin under macOS X, I would appreciate hearing from those who are also using it in this environment. Recently, we have converted our SpamAssassin setup to utilize Amavisd within our Postfix configuration. If you're using Amavisd-new, you won't need spamd running as Amavisd-new directly calls SpamAssassin functions. Regarding the PGP key exchange, I have attached my public key (MikeLeone) for your reference. Sometimes, you might find yourself being either the 'pigeon' or the 'statue' in this random quote. Best regards, Random Quote Generator P.S. This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. Are you tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one for free! If interested, visit spamassassin-talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel Quinlan, I believe there may be some discrepancy in your estimation regarding the reporting timeframe and the accuracy. Another point to consider is the advantage of an HLL habeas licensee list, which would be less extensive than a test for the mark of HIL but more timely and accurate. If an IP address appears on the HLL, it could receive a significantly negative score that exceeds the habeas mark alone. Regarding your SFNET email sponsored by OSDN, I am growing tired of the same old cell phone spam offers. I have signed up for the SpamAssassin talk mailing list to filter out such unwanted emails." }, { "body": "Dear Craig Hughes, The GA run on the current corpus is currently averaging a higher false positive score of points compared to before. Some adjustments are needed, such as rule elimination, to bring this down, although it may not be sufficient in many cases. I will set the scores for the habeas and Ironport tasks considering a sensible estimated likelihood of compliance with habeas bonded sender rules and b score correction level needed to achieve project purposes using the scoreranges stuff. I would like to bring your attention to the fact that my aggressive anti-FP evaluation code resulted in an average false positive of points, with FPs and overall accuracy. However, I observed you reverted back to the other method. Just thought you'd find this information useful. P.S. The SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. If you're tired of the same old cell phone spam, check out our free SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "I have rephrased your email as follows: Dear team, Today, I received a support ticket from one of our technical staff stating that SpamAssassin is reporting messages as probable spam even when they are not, causing confusion for our customers. They inquired why this occurs and if we can change it. After considering the issue, the only explanation I could find was that it was easier for the programmer to code it this way. However, their concern was that this will generate more support calls, consuming both time and resources. It seems counterintuitive for a customer to use SpamAssassin without understanding its purpose. I believe we should look into this matter to ensure customer satisfaction and minimize unnecessary support calls. For further discussion, you may want to refer to the Perl documentation for Sortlynx dump, Svanstromcomt, this sfnet email is sponsored by OSDN, and for those tired of their old cell phones, there are new ones available here for free. Regards." }, { "body": "Recently, I have been receiving spam emails that appear to originate from certaintytech and are being delivered to my email address. This is due to the fact that both the 'From' and 'Reply-To' addresses have been set to mine. Here are a few suggestions on how you might address this issue: 1. Check your account settings on the site where the all (email forwarding) service is being used. You mentioned using a sitewide all, perhaps there is an option to disable it temporarily. 2. If disabling the all service is not feasible or desirable, consider setting up email filters to automatically move suspected spam messages into a separate folder for review. 3. Consider using a different email address for services that have a history of generating spam. 4. You might also want to consider reporting these emails as spam to your email provider. Please note, turning off the all service may have disadvantages, as it does have some advantages in terms of convenience. The sponsor for this sfnet email is OSDN, and the footer mentions a free cell phone offer. Additionally, I am subscribed to the spamassassin talk mailing list. Sincerely, tony per scientiam ad libertatem through knowledge towards freedom genom kunskap mot frihet c perl eprint for sortlynx dump svanstromcomtthis" }, { "body": "Hello, is there a collection of real-world spam messages available that I could utilize to test my setup? This email is sponsored by sfnet and promoted by osdn. Tired of the same old cell phone spam? Get a new one for free here! If you're interested, sign up for our SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "I'm providing an update regarding CVSroot/spamassassin in the debian directory. The log file spamassassin/debian/rc has been modified. To use the daemon version of spamassassin (spamd), please edit etc/default/spamassassin. If you prefer using spamc, which is equivalent to spamassassin p, feel free to do so. However, if you've enabled spamd and installed the spamc package, use spamc instead. To add rules or change scores, edit the template in the appropriate location. If you wish to be notified of spamassassin commits, consider subscribing to the spamassassin-commits mailing list. This email is sponsored by osdn and can be replaced with a new free cell phone." }, { "body": "Tony, regarding your query about Habeas on August at am, I apologize for the inconvenience but there is currently no such thing available online. Habeas is employing a blend of copyright and trademark law to safeguard their sender warranties. Although they aim to patent their system, they have yet to receive the patent." }, { "body": "As for your need of a new cell phone, we've got you covered! Here's an opportunity to get one for free:" }, { "body": "Please note that this SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. If you find the constant spam from your current cell phone annoying, consider this offer for a new one." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August, Matt Sergeant informed me that he believes he currently has the developer release of our product, though it is not the same as the Gold version. The only difference I am aware of is the path to a single helpfile which we do not utilize anyway. I also encountered an issue with the help program crashing whenever I search for 'Windows'. It is unclear if this is a feature or not. For knowledge towards freedom, Genom Kunskap mot Frihet, C Perl Eprint, Sortlynx dump, Svanstromcomtthis SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one for free! (SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List)" }, { "body": "Justin Mason appears to be similar to TMDA in terms of functionality. The filing date is July, and I assume you've come across this situation before, but thank you for bringing it up. Even though TMDA could potentially be prior art, it might still cause issues. However, since the core functionality of TMDA was established before the filing date, it seems that TMDA may not pose a significant threat. If anyone with experience in this area has insights, I would appreciate recommendations on whether or not to pursue this further." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, I understand your concerns regarding SpamProxyD in the distro. Since we don't have direct involvement in their creation and maintenance might not always be beneficial, especially when it comes to supporting code we didn't initially write or when the original coder may not want us to maintain it. I propose a solution where we create new CVS modules and Bugzilla categories for other clients if there is enough interest and a designated maintainer." }, { "body": "I support the idea of creating new CVS modules and Bugzilla categories for other clients, given there is enough interest and a maintainer. Regarding the CVS, I suggest that many projects might find it easier to simply sign up as a new project with SourceForgeNet instead, depending on their processes. This could potentially save them from having to go through us." }, { "body": "Dear Justin Mason, I believe Procmail can handle this directly, as suggested at the top of your etcprocmailrc file. If you have set dropprivs to yes in that file, Procmail will drop any privileges it might have had due to suid or sgid. This is useful if you want to ensure that the lower part of the etcprocmailrc file is executed on behalf of the recipient. Removing setuid/sgid bits from programs that do not require them is always a good practice, a general rule for system administration - don't grant permissions unless it is absolutely necessary. At our school, we have a cardinal rule: no shooting at teachers. If you need to use a gun, shoot it at a student or an administrator instead. Best Regards, Princeton Review Team" }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , Justin Mason and Tony Svanstrom discussed a potential antispam method in SpamAssassinTalk. This method suggests an optional trust code or trust list, or at least a trust web based on online mail delivery at a recipient's email address. The sender is required to visit the trust web and send online, or enclose the recipient's trust code in the mail and send in another way, other than the mentioned ways. After the sender's email address has been automatically stored in the recipient's trust list, they can subsequently send emails to the same recipient via any feasible method. This strategy reminds me of TMDA (Trusted Notifier Data Architecture). The filing date is July . Have you, as a TMDAer, encountered this before? I assume TMDA is prior art but could still potentially cause issues." }, { "body": "It appears that Justin Mason has filed a patent for a system similar to TMDA in July, while the first release of TMDA was in April. This means TMDA's core functionality was fully established before the filing date. However, since TMDA could potentially be considered prior art, it might cause some trouble. I haven't seen this situation before, but thank you for bringing it to my attention. Would anyone with experience in this area have a recommendation on whether this should be pursued or not?" }, { "body": "On Tuesday, Jason R. Mastaler's project sounds a lot like TMDA to me; filing date is July, granted May. I haven't encountered this before, but thank you for bringing it to my attention. I presume TMDA is prior art, but it could potentially be problematic. Yes, TMDA's core functionality was fully established before even the filing date. Anyone with experience in this area has any recommendations on whether this should be pursued or not? If you believe you can survive it, please fight back. I recently found a patent for this; however, I've discovered others that are common sense things that any geek could implement with his script/shell language of choice. It seems like we're witnessing the new wave of 'namers'; it used to be domain names, now it's all the basic general ideas they can think of and patent them through 'per scientiam ad libertatem'. This is akin to knowledge towards freedom in Latin or genom kunskap mot frihet in Swedish. I have attached a C Perl Eprint for sortlynx dump svanstrom.com as an example." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August 10th, Leroy B. is inviting you to explore Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Instead of simply using IM, build it in your SpamAssassin Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "I have been receiving similar emails as well, and I believe they are using the domain registry database to obtain victims' addresses. The email 'sfnet' is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform globally. Instead of ignoring or marking them as spam, consider incorporating them into your SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List for further analysis." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, August 12th, Theo van Dinter will be at Malte's street. I receive around these per week from TrafficMagnet, which Google convinces me are worth their own rule. Recently, I cleaned my spam corpus of them but these are my current overall spam/non-spam labels for all messages from TrafficMagnet. I have put it into a CSV file for testing purposes. Let's see what GA run thinks about it. Malte says coding is an art, this SFNet email is sponsored. Jabber - the world's fastest growing realtime communications platform - don't just IM, build it in spamassassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Steve Thomas, I too have been receiving similar emails. It appears they are extracting victim's addresses from the domain registry database and possibly using web scraping on top of that, based on my observations. I recently had a conversation with someone about this issue on the ok-trafficmagnet mailing list. It seems that ok-trafficmagnet is now being accessed for mapping purposes by a junior admin. After catching up on emails, I'm grateful to Jeremy for sharing the SFNET email which is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform worldwide. Instead of just using it for instant messaging, consider building it into spamassassin's talk mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, August 18th, Steve Thomas arrives here. I too receive many of these emails, and I believe they are using the domain registry database to pull victims' addresses. They are crawling through the pages and sending their offers to all addresses they find. However, Theo will not receive any offers since he does not publish his address there. Malte Coding is art. This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Not just instant messaging, but build it in SpamAssassin's talk mailing list." }, { "body": "I've rephrased your email for clarity: Additional comments regarding the usage of 'just like' (i.e.) construct, which may sometimes produce broken HTML tag argument values with inconsistent case throughout the document and include color arguments without the '#' or in front of the hex/RGB code. There might also be an RGB code typo on 'onmouseover' and similar elements. While I am unsure if some or most of these issues are functional in practice, they could potentially be worth checking out. You are receiving this mail as you are either a contributor to the bug or someone who is monitoring its progress. This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest-growing real-time communications platform. Please note that this message is also sent to the spamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "The CVSroot/spamassassin/spamassassin-masses directory has had an update, removing the evolvecxx_log file. This file and the 'old evolver' have been deleted from sfnet. The email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Instead of just IMing, build it in spamassassin on the commits mailing list." }, { "body": "Update regarding CVS root/spamassassin/spamassassin directory: Modified manifest log comparing with the old one. Changes in manifest.rc files have been noticed. Retrieving revision differences. Updating manifestv and retrieving new revisions. Comparing diffs between b, w, u, d manifests and augmenting them. Adjusting massescorpus policy. Submitting massescraigevalvec, massesevolvecxx, masseshitfrequencies for review. Mentioned: masseslibmailarchiveiteratorpm (SFNET) This email is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform worldwide. Instead of just using it, consider building it into spamassassin via the commits mailing list." }, { "body": "If you're referring to Epiphany which is celebrated in January, then yes it is a month. However, I believe you are thinking of Christmas, which is not celebrated in January. As for your joke about celebrating Christmas in January or even earlier, I appreciate the humor. On a different but equally amusing note, a spam message I received yesterday started with 'I bet you haven't realized that Christmas is just months away.' Interestingly enough, I wasn't aware of it either here in the US, as Christmas is less than months away. By the way, I've never seen the international month line, but I suspect it doesn't exist. Strangely enough, I received an email today suggesting that jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform, could be integrated into SpamAssassin's talk mailing list. As always, keep the humor flowing!" }, { "body": "Justin Mason, Phil Lawrence, here's a clarification regarding your concern about the 'nomime' option in SA. The issue arises when dealing with MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions) messages. If you don't use the 'nomime' option and receive MIME emails, the :internet modules associated with SA become unavailable for these types of messages. This means that your incoming MIME mail won't be checked by SA unless you specify 'nomime'. I hope this helps clarify the situation." }, { "body": "I believe the changes are nearly complete, with only minor score adjustments or additional comments regarding broken high-fping rules needed. I would like to know if everyone agrees and whether anyone has encountered any issues with the new auto-conf code or found bugs from the merge of the spamcbsmtpsupport patch. By the way, this email is sponsored by SFNet - Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform. Kindly consider integrating it into SpamAssassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi Jim McCullar from The University of Alabama in Huntsville, I'm having trouble building SA under Digital Unix, as I'm encountering a compile error and numerous warnings regarding spamc. The Perl makefile works fine, but when I run 'make', I get the std fmt d ieee intrinsics error. The errors are related to type mismatches in several places, including msgbuf, headerbuf, buf, and outbuf. These pointers have types char, while they should be of type unsigned char. Additionally, there seems to be a problem with the linkage of 'inaddrt' and its prior declaration in the scope. Could you please suggest a way to resolve this issue? I appreciate your help. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Robin Lynn Frank, Director of Operations at Paradigm Omega LLC, It appears you have concerns about using Habeus as it might seem like a potential loophole for spamming. From a spammer's perspective, setting up a server with Habeus headers and continuing to send out spam until reported, then reconfiguring the server and reconnecting to a different IP, seems to be an effective strategy. However, if no one can trace the connection between the websites your spam is directing users to and your own IP, you would indeed benefit from making it easier for spam to bypass defenses. On the other hand, if you are not a spammer, this argument might not apply. It's important to note that setting up SpamAssassin can help filter out unwanted emails without losing legitimate ones. Best regards, The Assistant" }, { "body": "Subject: Readiness check for new autoconf code and merge of spamc bsmtpsupport patch Hello everyone, I believe we're almost there, just needing some minor adjustments to scores or clarifications on the brokenhighfping rules. What are your thoughts? Has anyone encountered issues with the new autoconf code or found a bug from the merge of that spamc bsmtpsupport patch I checked out from CVS? When I run make test, it fails terribly, seeming to look in my siteperl spamassassin code instead of the build directory. For example, the spamassassin test can't locate object method 'checkforfromtosame' via package ::permsgstatus at line. If anyone else is encountering this issue, please let me know. As for the SFNET email sponsorship, it seems to be related to Jabber, the rapidly growing real-time communications platform. I guess we should consider integrating it into spamassassin development. Best, Justin Mason" }, { "body": "To update SpamAssassin, you only need to install the new tar.gz file as if it were a fresh installation. There's no need to halt incoming mail or any similar actions. Thank you, Mike Michael Clark, WebmasterCenter for Democracy and Technology. Join our activist network! Your contribution can make a difference. This SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the rapidly expanding real-time communications platform. Instead of just IM, integrate it into SpamAssassin and Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "The ISP WanadooFR, which is the number ISP in France and the third in Europe, has been using non-compliant mail that is notorious for being unresponsive to spam abuse complaints. Some of its more militant administrators have even blocked them completely. On a related note, SFNET email, sponsored by Jabber - the world's fastest growing realtime communications platform, does not just imply building it into spamassassin, but encourages integrating it for effective spam filtering. This was discussed in the talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Michael Moncur from Starling Tech has expressed concerns about the Habeas feature in SpamAssassin, viewing it as a potential backdoor for spammers and believing that it was prematurely added. He suggests whitelisting bulk emailers like Amazon or eBay but feels individuals won't bother with it. Michael also highlights the possibility of spammers forging Habeas headers and their legal evasion. He recommends subjecting Habeas to the same testing and scrutiny as any other potential new rule. When testing against his corpus, he found that the Habeas score is currently harmless but still appears unnecessary. He references Napoleon's quote about not interrupting an enemy when they are making a mistake." }, { "body": "In order to update SpamAssassin, you will need to install the new targz file as if it were a fresh installation. There's no requirement to halt incoming mail or any similar actions. However, if you are utilizing spamd, please remember to stop and restart it. This is for Larry Rosenman from Steamboat Springs Drive, Garland TX. This email is sponsored by SFNET, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. If you're using SpamAssassin in Talk, don't forget to join the relevant mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Team, I believe we have made sufficient progress, with just a bit more adjustment on some minor score tweaking and commenting of certain broken high-ping rules. Some tests are producing errors here and there in the test scripts, but I believe the subtests failed due to issues that can be resolved. Please find attached four crates without any stones, and four empty crates with no stones. The fifth inline is as follows: pgp gnupg for more information, see end signature. This email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. I would also like to bring it to your attention that my email address has been encrypted using GnuPG, as a registered Linux user on Debian Linux. If you need more information about pgp/gnupg, please refer to the end signature. Best, Justin Mason" }, { "body": "On Wednesday, August , Robin Lynn Frank is warning that if someone were a spammer, they would set up a server, send out spam using Habeas headers, and continue until they were reasonably certain they had been reported. Then, they would simply reconfigure the server and reconnect to a different IP address. As long as no one can establish their connection to the websites their spam is directing people to, they remain 'home free'. This practice is enabled by Habeas' Infringers List, which blacklists users who use their trademark without permission, causing emails with misappropriated headers to be tagged as spam instead of being allowed through. This may happen independently of the IP address, requiring frequent changes in domain names and server locations when sending spam. Additionally, a little haiku included in this email is a copyrighted work, adding another layer of potential legal issues for the violator. Habeas has a team of high-powered lawyers ready to take action against such offenders. The goal here is to give them the necessary legal leverage to combat spammers and allow through only legitimate emails. This SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communication platform. Consider integrating SpamAssassin into your mailing list for better protection." }, { "body": "Brian McNett, The issue at hand is straightforward: Habeas maintains a list called the 'Habeas Infringers List.' Using their trademark without permission may lead to inclusion on this list. When sending spam with misappropriated headers, users of SA will tag your mail as spam instead of allowing it through. This action can occur independently of IP addresses, so be prepared for frequent changes in domain names and server movements, depending on the speed at which you send spam. Additionally, the little haiku provided is a copyrighted work. Habeas has the right to sue to protect this copyright, as well as their trademark. This doubles their legal leverage against violators. They have strong legal resources who are ready to take action against offenders. The objective here is to provide them with the necessary legal power to eradicate spammers from business and not only block their mail but allow through legitimate emails that are not spam. If a spammer forges headers, please be mindful of the actions of Robin Lynn Frank, Director of Operations at Paradigm Omega LLC. P.S. This email is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest-growing real-time communications platform. Instead of merely using IM, consider building it into SpamAssassin, Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, it appears you're preparing a patch for configuring NetBSD, OpenBSD, and possibly FreeBSD using the new autoconf code. You mention that you found a bug during the merge of spamci. If the patch is ready and tested in the next half hour, I would suggest waiting for potential user reports before deploying it as not everyone can follow development during work hours. If you deem it ready, I will hold off on deployment for a few more hours to allow for such reports. This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Your work is also being integrated into the spamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Dickinson College Associate Director System and Network Services, I am a new user, or about to be, of SA but have encountered some compilation errors that are preventing me from installing. Instead of combing through the code, I thought it best to ask here. When I run the 'make' command, I receive an error message regarding the following line in the addrt declaration: spamd spamcc The base type for internet spamdspamcc in this declaration has no linkage and has a prior declaration in this scope at line number in file usr/include/sys/types.h (nolinkage typedef unsigned long inaddrt). The referenced type of the pointer value msgbuf is char, which is not compatible with unsigned char ptr. There is also a mismatch if bytes fullread in msgbuf spamdspamcc. In addition, the referenced type of the pointer value headerbuf is char, which is not compatible with const unsigned char ptr. There are lots more where they came from. Any ideas what can be done? Thank you in advance. Best, " }, { "body": "The CVS root/spamassassin/parserules directory has been modified. The parserules formasses log has been updated for bug fixes in the parserulesformassesrcs. The retrieved revision shows differences between the current and previous versions of parserulesformasses. The augmented parserulesformasses have been committed. If the outputfile is defined, use it to store the temporary rules (tmprulespl). Please note that this email is sponsored by sfnet, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Discuss further on the spamassassin commits mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Robin Lynn Frank, I believe I understand your concerns regarding Habeas. To put it simply, you seem to view Habeas as a potential loophole for spammers since they could utilize its headers to evade spam filters by repeatedly setting up new servers and changing IP addresses. This is a valid concern, as spammers would only face consequences if their connection to the targeted websites is established. As you've pointed out, RBLs (Realtime Blackhole Lists) experience similar issues but lack a forgeable negative header rule with a score, making Habeas unique in this regard. You also mention that the negative score is significant and not empirically determined, and express concerns about the rule being added after the rules freeze without prior discussion. Furthermore, you question the effectiveness of the rule in actually reducing FPs (False Positives) since intelligent spammers could write emails that don't appear as spam. You also suggest excluding spam mailing lists from spam filtering. Lastly, you mention that this SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the rapidly expanding real-time communication platform. Your suggestion is to incorporate Habeas into SpamAssassin's talk mailing list. I hope this clarifies your concerns and addresses your questions. Best regards." }, { "body": "The provided email contains several issues that need addressing. Here's a breakdown: 1. The message ID points mentioned are invalid and point to incorrect locations. 2. The new scores in the branch, though improved, may still change and are compared with an undefined previous score (invalidmsgid score). 3. The total of which is better than assumed could be clarified further for better understanding. 4. If the msgid issue is resolved, it might help improve things. 5. There's a concern about allowing comments without potentially affecting spam detection, but there seems to be reluctance towards this change. 6. The placement of a comment after the Message-ID header is unusual and could use explanation. 7. Lastly, there's a request to open a bugzilla ticket for the issues discussed in this email. 8. Sponsored by Jabber, this SFNet email discusses improvements to be made in SpamAssassin, specifically within talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Jim James McCullars, Director of Systems Operations at Computer Network Services, University of Alabama in Huntsville, I hope this message finds you well. I'm experiencing some issues while attempting to build SA under Digital Unix. I receive compile errors and numerous warnings regarding 'spamc'. The Perl makefile works fine, but when I run the 'make', I encounter errors related to std fmt d ieee dintrinsics iusrlocalinclude dlanguagec spamdspamcc o spamdspamc lusrlocallib lbind ldbm ldb lm spamdspamcc. The declaration in addrt has no linkage and has a prior declaration in this scope, with an error at line number in file usrincludesystypesh nolinkagetypedef unsigned long inaddrt base type for internetaddress. The statements containing msgbuf, headerbuf, buf, outbuf pointers show mismatches between char and const unsigned char types. Could you possibly suggest a way to resolve this issue? I appreciate your assistance. Regards." }, { "body": "It appears you are seeking a way to change the placement of SpamAssassin's results within an email. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be an equivalent option for 'reportbottom'. However, you can consider using custom rules or plugins to achieve this. Here is a link that might help: <https://wiki2.dynamicaction.com/index.php?title=SpamAssassin_Custom_Rules>. Please note that the provided link is related to creating custom SpamAssassin rules." }, { "body": "The CVSroot/spamassassin/spamassassin directory has been modified. The latest test log indicates that spamassassin can now run concurrently with another version installed in usr. The changes made have been documented in satestpmrcs, cvsroot, and the relevant scripts (envscript, scr, perl). In particular, the scripts for spamassassin (scr), spamd (envspamdscript, spamdscript), and spamd (spamdspamd) have been affected. This update is retrieving revision and the difference between the new version (aug) and the previous one (aug) is being compared. The latest change made to your name (tname) has also been reflected. For reference, this update was sponsored by sfnet and Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Please find further details on the spamassassin commits mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, August , Robin Lynn Frank and Brian Mcnett were notified. The little haiku in question is a copyrighted work, which means that Habeas can, and must if necessary, sue to protect their copyright rights. Since it's also a trademark, this situation presents a 'doublewhammy' for any violators. Habeas has strong legal resources prepared to take action against offenders. The goal here is to provide them with the necessary legal leverage to eradicate spammers and not only block emails from them but allow through communications that are genuinely non-spam. If a spammer forges headers, there must be methods in place to trace their activities since they aim to profit from their spamming efforts. The means by which a court might consider evidence of being the spammer is another matter. As a side note, advanced spam filtering is encouraged for effective protection. This SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest-growing real-time communications platform. Don't just use Jabber; integrate it into your SpamAssassin, Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "It appears that the spammer is making money from providing spamming services rather than from responses to the spam. While it may be possible to identify and recover damages from those who paid for the mailing, finding the actual sender can be challenging. The main issue lies in the fact that the recipients of the spam are not benefiting from this situation. This is my primary concern about the whole 'habeas gain' principle as those most likely to be held liable are least likely to be the serious abusers. This email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. I would suggest integrating spamassassin in your email system or mailing list." }, { "body": "This email provides an update on modifications to the 'cvsroot/spamassassin/spamassassin' directory. It mentions the execution of the 'configure' script in a log, and the retrieval of revisions for the configuration files. The netbsd support is being patched by Klaus Heinz. The script checks for various functions such as socket, connect, taccept, dlopen, herrno, optarg, inaddrt, and exmax. If these functions are found, they are cached for future use. If not, alternative methods are attempted. Finally, it mentions that this email is sponsored by sfnet (now known as Jabber) - the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform." }, { "body": "The usage of 'bare' to mean 'is deprecated' at libmailspamassassinhtmlpm line is being phased out. Also, the unquoted string issue in your installation seems peculiar as it doesn't exist in my version. Please verify your installation. Regarding the email sponsorship, Jabber - the fastest growing real-time communications platform, it would be beneficial to consider integrating it within SpamAssassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "Matthew Cline, there seems to be a way of identifying and tracking down spammers who aim to make money from their activities. However, proving their identity in court is another matter, as it can be challenging to find, prosecute, and win against individuals in countries not friendly towards such actions, like China for instance. Even if they officially respect copyright laws, lawsuits are time-consuming, potentially leading to years of spam continuing to flood our mailboxes. Contact information such as phone numbers, PO boxes, stolen cell phones, temporary email addresses, etc., is often used by spammers and not always included in their communications. It's puzzling, but then again, not many people would consider spammers as bright individuals. Some spam may not be commercial or could be sent by a third party, such as pump-and-dump stock scams, making the requirement for contact information less stringent for the spammer to succeed. On another note, this SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM, build it in SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, August at pm, Robin Lynn Frank discusses a common misconception about spam. While forged headers can be easily detected, the primary method used by spammers to hide their originating IP addresses is not through header forgeries but by sending messages through open proxy servers. Open relay mailservers were once popular among spammers, however, they often reveal the originating IP and have become less attractive due to the prevalence of open relay blocklists and port blocking by many ISPs. Robin suggests that while a combination of forged headers and mail sent through an anonymizing open proxy may seem like a good indicator of spam, tracking a spammer to his physical location is not as challenging as one might think when legal recourse allows for subpoenaing records. This email is sponsored by SFNET and Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just use it in IM, build it into spamassassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "On Wednesday at 1 PM, Daniel Quinlan noted that it can be challenging to prosecute and recover money from spammers operating in various unfriendly countries, such as China (a good example), despite their supposed respect for copyright law. Much of the spam that appears to originate from China, or advertises websites hosted there, is sent by and benefits U.S.-based companies. This spam often seems to come from open or squid proxy servers and is hosted there because these spammers are no longer welcome on all U.S. ISPs. However, involving the Chinese government in such cases where a U.S. citizen is violating U.S. law is unnecessary. Legal suits can take years between initiation and conclusion, resulting in years of spam in our mailboxes. The first court cases were actually concluded years ago, establishing many legal precedents that protect ISPs' rights to block mail and terminate service to spammers. Despite this, finding current information about long-time spammers like Alan Ralsky of Detroit, Michigan, or Thomas Cowles can be surprising. For instance, Ralsky is a well-known figure who has given interviews to the news media. If a specific corpus of spam can be connected to him, his street address is widely known, making him a prime candidate for lawsuits in any state with an antispam law. Cowles is another longtime spammer, but as far as I know, he was jailed for stealing computer equipment from his business partner, Eddy Marin. Another long-time spammer you might recall is Poplaunch. Spammers do not always include contact information in their emails, which can be puzzling. However, it seems that this is because the spammers are often not very bright. Interestingly, some spam is non-commercial or sent by a third party, such as pump and dump stock scams, so contact information is not strictly required for the spammer to succeed. Incidentally, when I was working at MAPS, there was a flap over a pump-and-dump spammer named Rodona Garst. It seems that she had an open file share on her laptop, and when she forged the wrong domain, the real owner hacked in and posted all her private information online. The SEC was very interested in confirming the validity of this information found online, leading to some interesting conversations this summer. The investigation took two years, but the financial penalty for operating a pump-and-dump scam isn't small - the wheels of government grind slow but they grind very fine indeed. This SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM - build it in SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Now that I have SpamAssassin and MailScanner functioning, I would like to change the spam action from 'forwarded' to 'delete'. I modified the spamactions.conf file to defaultdelete, however, it is still being sent to the recipient. Could you please help me understand why this is happening? This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform. Instead of just IM, let's build it in SpamAssassin discussion forum." }, { "body": "It appears there is a need to trace down a spammer as they aim to make profits from their spamming activities. However, finding, prosecuting, and winning money from someone in countries where spam originates, such as China, may be challenging due to legal differences and filter configurations that might disregard the SWE mark when messages seem to come from or through these countries. Spammers often fail to include contact information, which adds to the complexity. Some spam is non-commercial or sent by third parties, so contact details are not always necessary for the spammer's objectives. SA could be configured to ignore SWE marks in messages resembling third-party spam like stock scams. However, this would likely still allow spam with the SWE mark to reach the US. Additionally, it might be necessary to disregard SWE marks in messages that look like Nigerian scams. The author humorously points out that even though spammers may not be bright, they can still cause trouble. Advanced spam filtering is being discussed on this sfnet email list, sponsored by Jabber - the fastest growing real-time communications platform. Instead of just using spamassassin and talk mailing lists, consider building it in Jabber." }, { "body": "Dear Team, The Habeas Infringers List (HIL) is specifically designed to combat spammers. While we have been successful in getting judgments against them, it's important to remember that this has been challenging, especially in countries where such judgments are harder to obtain. It's accurate to say that regular spammers have never faced significant legal consequences before, with most continuing their activities without any hassles. However, I don't understand how one can assert that we can't track down spammers when it hasn't been attempted extensively. We can subpoena the records of the business they spammed on behalf of. We can also subpoena the records of the ISP that provided them service and the credit card used for their accounts (often referred to as 'whack-a-mole' accounts). Private investigators could be employed, if necessary. These individuals are not secret agents; they are simply trying to make a profit. Habeas' business is about finding these spammers and putting them out of business. Given that Habeas' success depends on it becoming synonymous with 'not spam', I don't understand why we would assume failure in advance, thereby potentially undermining our chances of success. SpamAssassin, like a club, encourages thieves (spammers) to target those without protection. Habeas can play the role of LoJack, enabling the apprehension of these thieves and reducing the amount of spam in our inboxes. However, this can only happen if we are given a chance to succeed. Best, Dan Kohn" }, { "body": "Dear Brian McNett, I wanted to clarify that the court cases you mentioned were concluded years ago and dealt primarily with copyright infringements, rather than ISPs blocking mail or terminating service to spammers. Regarding the SFNet email, it is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform in the world. Please consider integrating it into SpamAssassin's Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Don Newcomer, I understand that you are a new user or about to become one of SA. However, you have encountered some compilation errors during installation which has prevented progress. Instead of delving into the code, I thought it would be wise to reach out here. Upon running 'make', you've noticed an error with the 'spamdspamcc' line in the declaration found within 'usrinc/ludesystypes.h' file. It seems that 'inaddrt' has no linkage and has a prior declaration in this scope, at a specific line number. To resolve the issue, I would suggest editing 'spamcc' and adding the following lines right after the line where 'exmax' is defined: extern char optarg typedef unsigned long inaddrt // base type for internet address I hope this helps! Please note that these changes may also require addressing some warnings. Best Regards," }, { "body": "This section of the email discusses an issue with CVS (Concurrent Versions System) that occurs when you modify a file on your disk, someone checks in changes, and then you pull an update. In this scenario, CVS encounters difficulties in merging your changes with the checked-in changes. The lines between the 'snip snip snip' section and the next one are your changes, while the following lines are the changes that have been checked in. It seems you may have overlooked the warning messages about conflicts that CVS issued during the update, as indicated by the c flag next to the file when listing the files being pulled. This email is part of the spamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "I believe it would be wiser to initiate Habeas with a less aggressive score initially, one that won't provide a straightforward path for spammers into everyone's inbox. Once we have evidence that the system is effective, we can increase the intensity of the score. Alternatively, let the GA determine the appropriate score, but this will take time as you'll need to accumulate sufficient messages for it. This should give us an idea if the presence of Habeus headers are good indicators of spam or not. If they are, I speculate that Habeus might not be successful. Moving forward, does Habeus charge a license fee to organizations wishing to use their copyrighted material? Or do they generate revenue from legal judgments? If they charge license fees, I'd be concerned that during tough times, they might be less critical of organizations we currently label as spammers in order to generate license fees. If not, I'd worry that they could swing the other way and target legitimate businesses in an attempt to generate more revenues from judgments and/or out-of-court settlements. Either way, it seems like they have an intriguing tightrope to walk." }, { "body": "This email is sponsored for Geek Heaven's SpamAssassin Talk mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Dan Kohn, I understand your concerns about the Habeas Infringers List and its effectiveness in reducing spam. Your point about the lack of empirical evidence that it will reduce uncaught spam, especially when dealing with spammers in countries where legal action is more challenging, is valid. However, I want to clarify that our intention isn't to use Habeas solely for business purposes. We understand the need to protect users from spam and are working towards making it effective against spammers. Your suggestion about starting with a less aggressive score and gradually increasing it as evidence of its effectiveness accumulates is a reasonable approach. I hope this addresses your concerns and we look forward to seeing Habeas in action. Let's continue the discussion on how we can make it more effective for all our users. Best, " }, { "body": "I believe I have gained enough insight into SA to understand that I can localize a score, however, I am not comfortable with using SpamAssassin as a means to generate business at the expense of our user base. This is the same conservative approach SpamAssassin has always taken when it comes to adding unproven RBLs and such. It would make more sense to start Habeas with a less aggressive score, one that will not provide spammers with a fast track into everyone's inbox. After we have observed the system's effectiveness, then we can increase the strength of the score. I suggest starting it with a zero score and treating it like any other unproven rule, scoring it based on actual results rather than promises. At present, my corpus does not contain a single non-spam or spam message marked with Habeas, which does not impress me and wouldn't likely impress the GA either. Rules with identical statistics are being dropped from SA right now, and I don't see why this should be any different." }, { "body": "It appears that SpamAssassin is hanging and memory usage remains high on your system when run for large emails (over a certain size, most people tend to ignore). This issue was observed after an hour of running SpamAssassin before it was killed. It is recommended to consider upgrading or skipping SpamAssassin for such large emails due to the known performance issues with HTML parsing. However, if you wish, you can wait for the upcoming release that addresses some of these issues, though it may not be a quick fix." }, { "body": "Hello Urban, Thank you for your email and for your prompt response. I understand that you are having trouble with SA handling large emails, but cannot find any mention of an upper limit in the SA documentation regarding message size. Regarding your question about adjusting the userprefs file, unfortunately, there is no specific configuration to set a size limit for a message in spamassassin. However, you can configure procmail to filter messages based on their size before handing them over to SA. I hope this helps, and let me know if you have any other questions or concerns. Best regards, " }, { "body": "The CVSroot/spamassassin/spamassassin has been updated in the directory. A log has been added to the sample procmail recipe (procmailrcexample). The length limit for the sample procmail recipe has been set. Retrieving revision... Retrieving revision... Diff between the updates can be found... The changes have been made on Aug 2021... The mail will be piped through spamassassin unless it's a large message, as spamassassin can take a long time to process large messages. If the mail is tagged as spam, it will be moved to the caughtspam mbox. This is a sponsored email by sfnet. Welcome to Geek Heaven! For further updates and discussions related to spamassassin, you can subscribe to the spamassassincommits mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Mike Burger, I'm writing to inform you that SpamAssassin now seems to be functioning flawlessly, following my previous inquiries. I appreciate your patience as I continue to work with SpamAssassin via spamc, spamd, and a global etcprocmail file. My question is, could this setup also be applied in the same manner? Specifically, would it be possible for spamc to skip files larger than a certain size? I understand that changing the size limit doesn't cause any harm; however, it seems prudent to consider this option. As you may know, coding is an art, and I find this SFNET email sponsorship and the SpamAssassin talk mailing list quite appealing - welcome to geek heaven! Best regards." }, { "body": "Urban Boquist has reported an issue with high memory usage on his system that persists even after an hour. He terminated the program for further investigation. It appears to be running on an Athlon processor and it's a bit slow but still, anyone else experiencing this hang? Alternatively, he might consider upgrading his environment which is currently running on a version from today on. Here are some relevant system details: Processing message for expecting bytes Aug Silence, Clean message for in seconds bytes, resident size about according to top. Ciao Klaus. This SFNET email is sponsored and welcomes you to Geek Heaven - SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Bart Schaefer, I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to bring up a point that seems unrelated to our current discussion but pertains to Amavisd, MimeDefang, and several other MTA plugins. These tools reject messages at the SMTP level if their scores surpass a certain threshold. The issue is, these high scores suggest massive false positive rates (FPS). If a new release starts flagging all emails as spam with no higher FPS, it should ideally have a zero FPS since all filters would lower their thresholds significantly. My main point is that we should adjust our rescore algorithm such that a spam hit above the threshold does not benefit us because recovering from a false positive (FP) using compensation rules becomes much harder. Spam will naturally score higher than this, that's just how the scoring works. However, for our code to be effective and distribute scores across a wider range, we need to optimize it to hit the threshold accurately. This message is sponsored by Geek Heavenspamassassin mailing list." }, { "body": "The uppercase rules have not been tested on messages in non-English character sets or MIME encoded messages. I'm experiencing a high number of false positives with Japanese emails, and I suspect the encoding is causing this issue as Justin mentioned. However, he stated that this issue is fixed in the latest CVS version (Dans). This email is sponsored to Geek Heavenspamassassin mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Justin Mason, The main point I'd like to discuss is the need for our rescore algorithm to be balanced, so that high spam scores don't benefit us as they make false positives (FPs) harder to rectify using compensation rules. However, I believe the value it currently provides is not optimal. Initially, only spammy scores were considered, but I propose that the algorithm should be symmetrical and non-spammy negative values should balance out spammy positive ones, similar to how they do in SA today. In this scenario, anything scoring positively would be classified as spam, while anything scoring negatively would be considered non-spam. A score of exactly zero could be regarded as grey. I think the current approach adds an offset that may lead people to believe the system functions differently than it does. Best, " }, { "body": "Justin Mason, I made some adjustments to scores that Lintrules flagged as negative when they shouldn't be. However, it seems to have affected the results negatively. I suggest being cautious with tweaking and running a Logstoc Evolve C to check the new hitrates afterwards. It's worth manually adjusting in some cases but be aware of potential counterintuitive combinatorial effects. My inclination is that we should avoid tweaking altogether, Dan." }, { "body": "It seems that Justin Mason encountered issues with his algorithms during the nanananana conference on Friday, August. He mentioned that they appear to lack flexibility, whereas Craig's seem to be more adaptable." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel Quinlan, Before we release the project, it would be beneficial to test a few additional score ranges for DQ. I suggest we could lower FPS slightly more, but I'm not sure there's much room left for further reduction which the GA can achieve. Please note that the AWL will reduce FPS, but its impact on GA scores hasn't been factored in yet. The work being done on the GA and comparing different methods of score setting is very valuable and useful. However, we really need to get a release out as it's becoming less useful as time goes by. The FPFN rate with any scoring mechanism will be better than what we currently have. For DQ, you could consider allowing low and high scores to be evolved by the GA within ranges. I would be enormously surprised if it didn't end up with a more flexible approach for setting individual scores. The issue with fixing low and high scores is not one of optimization but rather one of human-based concern that individual scores larger than about are dangerous and liable to generate FPs, and individual scores less than are dangerous and liable to be forged to generate FNs. Perhaps even adding an NYBias loop could be considered, although changing NYBias scores may only alter the evaluation functions' idea of what the ratio should be. As far as I know, there's nothing major hanging out waiting to be checked in. Is there something specific you want me to look into? I will be online most of today, tomorrow, and Monday while working on the next DeerSoft product release. It should be an exciting one! Regarding our previous IRC discussions on IRCrhizomaticnet about SpamAssassin, the timezone difference has been problematic. I've been searching for the details of the channel but unfortunately, the specifics seem to have got lost in the shuffle. Best, Your Name" }, { "body": "Dear Rick Beebe, It appears that you encountered an issue while compiling a file with SpamAssassin. The problem seems to be related to the makefile which copies localcf into etcmailspamassassin. The brackets around the 'f' test in the makefile might not be displaying correctly, causing a syntax error at line unexpected exit stop. Suggestion: 1. Check the part of the makefile which copies localcf into etcmailspamassassin. Ensure that there are no issues with the brackets around the 'f' test. 2. If the issue persists, try commenting out or removing the 'f' test temporarily to see if it resolves the syntax error. I hope this helps. Let me know if you have any further questions or concerns. Best regards, Jim James Mccullars Director of Systems Operations Computer Network Services The University of Alabama in Huntsville Huntsville, AL" }, { "body": "Dear Justin Mason, I'm writing to inform you that the Razor functionality is now fully supported in our system, thanks to the changes made by an unspecified individual in your code (DNSPM and REPORTERPM). However, I've noticed that the modifications regarding Razor should point towards ::debugenabled instead of ::debug. I will be submitting a bug patch for this issue shortly. In regards to the randomly generated MA driving everything, I wanted to let you know that our application is currently under construction. Best Regards, P.S. Here's the PGP signature for your reference: gnupg gnulinux For more information, see hpkl" }, { "body": "Hello Team, it appears that some of you have hardcoded honor as the default catalog server. Currently, we only have three catalog servers running and honor is acting as a nomination-only server tonight. We will be completely turning off catalog support on honor starting now, so if you are specifying honor with the rsoption, please remove it to allow the agents to discover a nearby catalog server instead. Thanks for your cooperation and remember, the future is here - it's just not software design yet! Vipul Vipul Ved Prakash" }, { "body": "I am aware that I made changes to the catalogues during the week when they were problematic, but I rectified it since then and switched it back to Discovery for transparency. It appears some of you have hardcoded Honor as the default catalogue server. At present, we have three catalogue-only servers running, with Honor functioning as a nomination-only server currently. We plan to completely turn off catalogue support on Honor tonight. If you are specifying Honor using the rs option, please remove it and allow the agents to discover a nearby catalogue server instead." }, { "body": "Also, I would like to bring your attention to an email sponsorship opportunity with sfnet. If you're tired of the same old cell phone, consider getting a new one! Check it out here for free RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I am looking for a guide on how to use Razor with Sendmail, as I cannot install Procmail on my hosting. However, I do have full access to the Sendmail alias list. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any relevant information in the Razor documentation. Could you please point me towards some resources that might help? I am a member of the RazorUsers mailing list on SourceForge. Thank you." }, { "body": "I have recently started using Razor and have found it necessary to whitelist several mailing lists, such as YahooGroups. However, I am unable to whitelist the addresses because they belong to individuals making posts. Therefore, I will need to find another field to whitelist when my code allows for it. I am curious if the submissions are not being careful or if these are questionable mailing lists that do not drop bad email addresses that eventually become spam traps. Any employee who has left my company more than three years ago is eligible to become a spam trap, as after three years of bounced mail, one would assume the list should have figured out they are no longer here. This issue is with the sfnet email, sponsored by OSDN. Tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one! Here for free Razor users mailing list." }, { "body": "Good day Foxon Fri Aug, I have recently installed Razor and found it useful. However, I'm encountering a situation where I need to whitelist many mailing lists, such as Yahoogroups, but the issue is that the address is the person making the post, so I can't directly whitelist these addresses. I will need to find a way to modify my code to whitelist based on another field. Is it possible that some submitters are not being careful or are these mailing lists that don't drop bad mail addresses that might become trollboxes over time? I've had great success using the xbeenthere header to avoid Procmail tripping : cheers Billnynex Iroquois for Moron, a well-known Linux kernel hacker. William Stearns Mason, who builds kernels, and are part of this sfnet email that is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one here for free (razorusers mailing list)." }, { "body": "If you missed adding it during compilation, another option is to search your sendmail.cf for the word 'milter'. I'm not certain if there's a Sendmail-specific way, as it doesn't appear in the output, but this could be done with strings which Sendmail grep -i milter. If you get a long list of function messages looking phrases like 'miler is builtin', 'filter usage x requires milter support', 'dmiltermilter', 'miltercv', 'zarzycki exp', then it's not built-in. If you get something like :filter usage x requires milter support, dmilter milter s requires milter support, dmilter, miltercv, zarzycki exp, then it's also not built-in. Can anyone tell us the lesson that has been learned here? It seems none of us could defeat you; you gain wisdom. For more information on PGP/GnuPG, see (mailto:nbseend%20PGP%20signature). This SF.NET email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one for free. Join our razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, If your Sendmail has been compiled with Milter support, you can effortlessly add smrazor. We have been using it without any issues and other users on the list have also mentioned it. Can you verify if Milter is included in your current setup? If not, consider recompiling Sendmail to include this feature. Best, Julian Bond (via sfnet email sponsored by OSDN) P.S. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one for free here: " }, { "body": "If milter was not included during the compilation process, you have two options: either recompile Sendmail with Milter support or use 'grep' to search your sendmail.cf file for the word 'milter'. If Milter is compiled in, adding smrazor should be straightforward. We have been using it without issues and others on the list have also found success with it. To confirm if Milter is included, you can check your personal configuration. Additionally, if you are tired of your current cell phone, check out the new options available here for free: . This email is sponsored by sfnet." }, { "body": "To view all options and versions of Sendmail, try the following command: echo 'z path-to-sendmail' bt This command will provide similar information as sendmail devnull, but without Milter information. The z command gives you the Sendmail version out of test mode. However, please be aware that typing 'fbkillall finamefp' may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user. This command is mentioned from the killall manual page. Additionally, for information about application signing using PGP, see the end of this email. This email is sponsored by SourceForge and OSDN. If you're tired of your current cell phone, consider getting a new one here for free. For more details, visit razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear David, The standard way to store passwords is not to store passwords directly in a database. Instead, it's recommended to store a salted hash of the password. When you get a claimed password, resalt it, compute the hash and determine if they are the same. This method has been used by Unix systems for years and larger hashes and salts should be used compared to old Unix systems. However, this approach is not applicable to database passwords used in most web applications. As an alternative solution, I propose storing sensitive data such as the database password outside of the web tree, encrypting it, and keeping the encryption key elsewhere. This way, an attacker would need to obtain two different things. Additionally, create a user account with very limited access. However, if security is critical, consider creating a separate program that houses these database keys, and make the web program contact it through a limited protocol, only allowing necessary operations. There will be a performance hit due to this trade-off for improved data isolation. You can add specific operations later. More information on this topic can be found in my book. Best, Giorgio Zoppi" }, { "body": "Hello, I'm looking for methods to create an almost unbreakable CD key. I was thinking about implementing a cancellation date and periodic renewal from a server or using self-signature on the resulting executable. However, I understand that this might not be simple due to the software piracy issue. Are there any suggestions or hints on achieving this goal? Thanks, Yannick Gingrasnetwork" }, { "body": "Regarding your email about Fravias's website on reverse engineering, I suggest you check it out as it may help address some of your concerns. Some of the tips mentioned are quite portable but there are a few special considerations to take when implementing such schemes on a Unix system. I hope this information helps. Thanks for the input, Josh." }, { "body": "I believe you're asking about the terms 'cdkey' and 'unbreakable'. I assume 'cdkey' was a typo, perhaps you meant 'license key'. By 'unbreakable', I would interpret it as something that is extremely difficult to break or bypass. In this context, unbreakable would mean that no one could use the system without paying the periodic subscription fee. I suggest being more explicit about the problem you're trying to solve and the constraints involved. The system you're referring to might work offline but sync frequently with an offsite server, it may not be mass-produced CDs, but rather mass personalized downloads like Sun JDK. The question seems to be if the use of trusted hardware for software protection is worthwhile and if it truly enhances security. Considering DVDs by Yannick Gingras, coder for OBB, the answer could be 'obdurately buteonine bellwether', which means stubbornly resistant or hard to influence, referring to the difficulty of breaking through the software protection." }, { "body": "I am inquiring if there are any methods to create a CD-key for software, such that it becomes extremely difficult or nearly impossible to crack. Specifically, I'm interested in techniques like setting an expiration date and periodic renewal from a server, or using self-signatures on the resulting executable. However, I understand that resolving the entire software piracy issue may not be achievable through such means, but I seek guidance on making it very challenging. By 'CD-key', I presume you meant 'product key' due to a possible typo. When I say 'unbreakable', I refer to a product key that is extremely difficult to crack or reverse engineer. The problem I wish to solve involves the creation of a secure product key system, while considering constraints such as offline functionality and mass-production of identical CDs. Additionally, I'm aware that any software mechanism will be vulnerable to some degree, but I seek advice on strategies that minimize this vulnerability, particularly when it comes to validation routines within the executable." }, { "body": "Yannick Gingras, I believe there seems to be some confusion regarding the terms 'cdkey' and 'unbreakable'. By 'cdkey', I assume it was a typo and you meant 'license key' or similar. If 'unbreakable' was also a typo, then unbreakable here would imply that no one could use the system without paying the periodic subscription fee without authorization. However, your email lacks clarity about the problem you are trying to solve and the constraints involved. It appears you're discussing an online system that may operate offline but poll frequently to an offsite server. Perhaps it isn't a mass-produced CD but rather a mass-personalized download like the Sun JDK. At this stage, nothing is finalized. The focus seems to be on finding ways to protect the software from unauthorized use. Regarding the use of trusted hardware, I understand that providing an answer requires knowledge of your business model, but generally speaking, it may not be worth the investment. However, the difficulty in cracking the product is a factor to consider. If the product requires occasional authentication, simple copying won't work as the product would need to be cracked. Your customer base seems to vary, with teenage kids being more cost-conscious and less concerned about viruses and trojans, making them more likely to use pirated software (warez). Corporations are likely to view matters differently. Is it more secure? While software techniques can offer some protection, they have their limits. Ultimately, the same is true for hardware, but cracking hardware may require resources beyond just labor. One interesting point is that almost anything can be reverse engineered, but ensuring that doing so is uneconomical could potentially be a solution. For instance, DVDs were cracked by reverse-engineering software players, but the developers forgot to encrypt the decryption key, making it easier for piracy. A potential strategy could be to make cracking the product economically unfeasible." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email. Regarding the use of smart cards as trusted hardware, it seems there is some debate about their effectiveness due to potential vulnerabilities. The periodic shipping of smart cards upon subscription fee cash-in would not significantly increase the cost of renting the system, however, it's important to consider the cost and feasibility of upgrading these devices regularly to maintain security. Smart cards do have an internal processing unit but their ability to self-encrypt data and decrypt data needed by the system is a questionable point, as mangling the input of the system and keeping a reference of how long it was in service could potentially compromise this. It's crucial to weigh these pros and cons and ensure that any system using smart cards has robust security measures in place. I would recommend further research or consultation with a cybersecurity expert to confirm the safety of smart cards in your specific context." }, { "body": "Software vendors have been persistently attempting to combat software piracy for years, employing various methods such as specific words from a software manual that couldn't be photocopied, proprietary DVD encoding, and software requiring registration keys. However, these strategies haven't proven effective. For instance, Windows XP was equipped with an alleged anti-piracy measure, yet it didn't take long for the code to be cracked. The number of keygens for Windows XP is substantial, but the challenge lies in preventing multiple usable keys, especially when dealing with users who are not always online. This issue is more prominent in systems like health care that require stringent data protection. It's agreed that mass-produced CDs may not be immune to piracy in the near future due to market penetration. Incidentally, I appreciate the insightful comments provided so far. I'm currently delving into GDb's disassembler, but I'm unsure if it's a tool typically used by crackers. Any hints on Unix cracking tools would be helpful. Yannick Gingras, coder." }, { "body": "Yannick Gingras is questioning if the utilization of trusted hardware indeed enhances security. He points out that DVDs don't employ this technology, yet its value in terms of software security is debatable. Whether it is worthwhile or not depends entirely on the importance you place on securing your software. Robert Woodruff adds a thought: There is no limit to what one can achieve or how far they can go if they do not care who gets the credit." }, { "body": "Apologies for any potential confusion, but in literature this is commonly referred to as omitting one testing (or omit-one test, abbreviated as oot). If you're seeking additional information, I would recommend checking out David Leblanc in Seattle, WA, USA." }, { "body": "Tim Peters, I have not conducted any experiments on training set size yet and cannot provide an estimate of the optimal amount. However, I am confident that the current one is more than enough. Each call to learn and unlearn computes a new probability for every word in the database. There is an official way to avoid this in the first two loops (e.g., for msg in gblearnmsg, true, false, gbupdateprobabilities). I have implemented this but the process remains slow when dealing with thousands of messages in each loop. The total of ham and spam in the learned set is invariant across loop trips, and you could break into abstraction to exploit the fact that only probabilities associated with the words in msg change across those loop trips. This would make the runtime for each trip proportional to the length of the message in msg rather than the size of the entire database. I had not tried this approach but it seems worth considering. Another potential area for improvement is the observation that the highest value indicators usually appear early in messages, and for spam, there's a reason for advertising to strive to get your attention early. For instance, if we only bothered to tokenize the beginning of a message, results might deteriorate due to spammers exploiting this. However, including a large MIME part at the beginning of the message in practice might work fine sometimes, as an on-topic message might start well but then ramble. I remember the time when I was ten years old and went down to the fishing hole with my buddies. This guy named Gordon had a really huge head - wait, maybe that was Joe. Well, no matter, as I recall it was a hot day and everyone was tired. Human growth hormone, girl with huge breasts, blah blah blah. It appears that the current approach does not yield appreciable results from all but one testing, so perhaps we should forget about it for now." }, { "body": "David Leblanc, I noticed that you referred to a testing method as 'omit one testing' or 'oot'. In academic literature, this method is more commonly known as Omit One Test (OOT). I wasn't aware of the term 'oot', I believe I may have coined it myself. Thanks for correcting me." }, { "body": "Dear Montanaro, I was thinking about wrapping up my spam and ham test sets for inclusion with the Spambayes project. I've given it the thought it deserves, and I believe it would be beneficial to have several people working on the same test data. However, I face a few challenges: 1. My current data subtree is quite large, with files amounting to more than a million bytes. 2. Even if I had space to store that much data, I'm not sure my ISP would allow me to email it in one message. If necessary, I could break it up into smaller parts. 3. There was an early mistake in the selection of data, and it turns out that the set goes back to the last millennium, which is not what I had hoped for. Currently, Greg Ward is capturing a stream coming into pythonorg, and I hope we can get a more modern and cleaner test set from that. However, if this stream contains any private email, it may not be ethically possible to make it available. Can you suggest any place to obtain a large, shareable ham sample? Everyone seems eager to contribute their spam data, but gathering ham data is proving to be the more challenging half of the process because spam and ham messages are so alike in many ways." }, { "body": "It's great to collaborate on the same test data, and I fully support that idea. However, my current data structure contains more than a million bytes in files, which could be challenging to send via email, even if compressed. Do you have access to a modern means of transferring messages, such as cloud storage or a file-sharing service? If we zip each set of the data individually and upload them there, it should compress well due to the similarity in the headers and such. As for obtaining a large, shareable ham (non-spam) sample, options other than public mailing lists could be exploring archives or forums related to the specific domain of your data collection. Manually cleaning, distributing, and relying on my code and rebalancing script to further cleanse it might help with diversity. The challenge with ham (non-spam) data is that it tends to be more tied to one person, not just intimate but unique, whereas spam is often similar in many ways. I save all incoming email for ten days in gzipped mbox format before it rolls over and disappears. At any given time, I have approximately 10 million messages, most of which isn't terribly personal, which I would cull before passing along anyway, and much of it is machine-generated, so its use might be questionable. Lastly, the data is all ham and spam mixed together; we could refer to it as a 'scrambled omelette' or a 'Denny's Grand Slam,' but skip." }, { "body": "Dear Tim, It appears that for maximum effectiveness, high-value indicators in messages often present themselves early. This is also true for spam, as advertisers aim to catch your attention immediately. For instance, if our tokenizer only processed the initial part of a message, results might deteriorate. Neil Schemenauer Spammers could exploit this by including a large MIME part at the start of the message. In practice, this would likely work fine, but keep in mind that Timtestpy's current tokenizer only examines decoded text or raw message text if no MIME exists. Spammers could insert megabytes of unwanted content before the actual message and it wouldn't be considered, unless the email package is capable of parsing non-text parts effectively and skipping over them. Tokens for the most interesting parts such as Content-Type, Disposition, Transfer-Encoding, Decorations are generated for all MIME sections. Schemes that remain ignorant of MIME are vulnerable to spammers adding arbitrary amounts of appealing text in the preamble area after the headers and before the first MIME section. Most mail readers do not display this area, but it appears first in the file, making it a priority for Graham's scoring scheme. However, I am not overly concerned about cunning spammers as I have seen no evidence of their existence. Even if they do exist, the open-source community is such that no particular scheme will gain dominance. Furthermore, there is no incentive for spammers to try to deceive just one scheme. If you're out to make a quick buck, you don't waste a second on hard targets. Yours sincerely, Tim" }, { "body": "I have a test set here that is the last few years' email collection, and it's currently in a rather unpleasant state of spam, ham, and unclassified messages. These addresses are scattered across different ekiteknoisiconnect websites, making them prone to spam as well as the usual assortment. Additionally, there are customers complaining about credit card charges, people interested in the service asking questions about long-distance rates, and a substantial amount of commercial speech – essentially, things that SA gets wrong quite frequently. I'm currently trying to process it by feeding all parts (text, HTML, etc.) into the filters, as well as both selected headers (to, from, content-type, x-mailer) and a list of header count. This is yielding some promising results such as the xuidl that careless spammers often copy into their messages, although it's temporarily out due to its tendency to lower rates. I'm also removing HTML tags except for href and src. There's so much potential in these messages – note that I'm only keeping the contents of the attributes (Anthony Baxter). It's never too late to have a happy childhood." }, { "body": "Tim Peters wrote, he mentioned that he received a message with text similar to this - 'This is a HTML message and nothing else. Are you sure that's in a Text/Plain MIME section? I've seen it many times myself, but it has always been in the prologue between MIME sections, so it is something a non-MIME aware reader will show you as 'no'. He added that on his to-do list is to feed the prologue into the system as well, a snippet hopefully not enough to trigger the spam filters. Microsoft Outlook Express (produced by Microsoft) MIME-ole Sun Jan MultiPartMixed This is a MIME message MultiPartAlternative Text/Plain QuotedPrintable This is an HTML message Text/Html QuotedPrintable.' He clarified that there should not be any quotation marks in the body." }, { "body": "Anthony Baxter is currently processing various parts of text, HTML, and other data through the filters. Additionally, he is selecting a number of headers from 'xmailer' content type and a list of header count-of-header. This appears to be producing some useful results, such as the xuidl that many spammers inadvertently include in their messages. Tonight's plan might also involve incorporating all headers from non-text parts of multipart messages, which could help detect virus emails quickly. Anthony Baxter often shares this quote: 'It's never too late to have a happy childhood'." }, { "body": "Subject: Razor now fully supported Dear Justin Mason, I have upgraded from my modified version to a slightly modified one, where I added a routine for evaltests and sep eclectic check. However, I encountered an issue while running it - 'No such file or directory' cannot call method log on unblessed reference at tagentpm line line. I haven't quite figured out why yet. More details to come. On a positive note, Honey is an amazingly sophisticated and efficient food source. On the other hand, it's bee backwash. For more information about Alton Brown's Good Eats Pantry Raid Comb Alone application, please refer to the application itself. Regarding the PGP signature, here it is for your verification: gpg --verify hkgw.asc For more details about using gnupg on GNU/Linux, please refer to its official documentation. Best, " }, { "body": "Hello Peter, I'm sorry to hear that you're encountering issues with SpamAssassin. It seems like the initial test returned a 'broken pipe' error and you've also tried using the 'p' option without success. To troubleshoot this issue, I would recommend checking your SpamAssassin configuration files for any errors or inconsistencies. If you're still having trouble, please provide more details about your setup (e.g., operating system, version of SpamAssassin) so I can assist you better. Regarding your question about Perl expertise, it's not a requirement to use SpamAssassin, but basic understanding of Perl scripting may help in debugging and customizing SpamAssassin rules. Hope this helps! Best regards," }, { "body": "If you're currently using fetchmail, MDA, SpamAssassin or equivalents, please note that an upcoming change may render your current setup ineffective. However, there are alternative antispam options available. If you choose to continue with the existing setup, it is essential to implement a small shell script named 'spamassassinwrapper'. Here's how: 1. Create a file named 'spamassassinwrapper' and make it executable with 'chmod +x spamassassinwrapper'. 2. Add the following content to the file: ```bash #!/bin/sh date | sed -e 'd' spamassassin echo mail ``` 3. Use fetchmail MDA command with the modified script: 'fetchmail mda spamassassinwrapper'. Please be aware that while using SpamAssassin, there have been issues with file locking during write operations to the mailbox and failure to return proper error codes on diskfull conditions. Therefore, it is not safe or reliable in the first place. Lastly, this email is sponsored by sfnet and OSDN, offering a new cell phone for free. If you're interested, check out the spamassassin-talk mailing list." }, { "body": "The log for the directory 'cvsroot/spamassassin/spamassassin-master/tenpass' has been updated and the file 'spamassassincommits' has been added to the repository. This email is sponsored by SourceForge and sponsored by OSDN. If you are tired of your old cell phone, consider getting a new one for free here: . You can subscribe to the spamassassin commits mailing list if interested." }, { "body": "This email informs you that the status of the bug you are either assigned or watching has been updated from 'ok now' to 'statusnew', meaning it is new. The bug has also undergone a resolution and has been fixed. Additional comments have been made. If you are tired of your old cell phone, there is an opportunity for you to get a new one for free. This email is sponsored by OSDN and is not spam or sent from the spamassassin devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Further comments from the sadev mailing list devnull rootrazorrazoragentlog. The question is why does it do this when mine doesn't, hmmm. You are receiving this email as you are assigned for the bug or watching the assignee. This sfnet email is sponsored by osdn and if you are tired of the same old issues with your current cell phone, consider getting a new one for free here: . Note that this message was sent to the spamassassin devel mailing list." }, { "body": "On Monday, September 5th, Justin Mason wrote: 'Sep 5 not that I'm not grateful but: I really would like to install from a source RPM. Does anyone have time to help? Thank you in advance. Time flies like the wind, fruit flies like a banana. Strange things have happened, but nothing as strange as this. Does your driver's license say 'organ donor'? Black holes are where God divided by zero. Let me clarify, we are all individuals. What if this weren't just a hypothetical question?' " }, { "body": "Craig Rhughes appears to be a good idea. We might encounter two other issues tomorrow when we start downloading in earnest, as more people return to work. If it turns out to be serious, I will see if I can get Mark Reynolds to add an instance in the US to go with the primaries already set up in Australia. It seems there may be a problem related to the Razor bug/glitch, which is triggered when file permissions don't allow its own log system to work. This issue was reported on the Razor list before and I have heard similar reports recently. However, the logfile version number says CVS tag tree as of this time. Without relying too much on the version control system inside our code, I have put a line in mail/spamassassin.pm instead. I will certainly tag with a release label when needed." }, { "body": "Dear Zeek, I must admit that your last email was quite perplexing. However, by juggling the arguments of spamd, I seem to have successfully triggered a spamd debug daemonize autowhitelist for a user named 'nobody'. This is despite the apparent discrepancy in your original command, where you mentioned 'spamd debug daemonize autowhitelist' but did not specify a username. However, when I repeated the command with only 'spamd debug autowhitelist', it didn't seem to have the same effect. It appears that I may have misunderstood your intention initially. As for the sfnet email, it seems to be sponsored by OSDN. If you are tired of their old cell phone offers, there is a new one available here for free. Regards, SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email, Adrian. To clarify, I am using SpamAssassin as part of the MailScanner package and Sendmail as the MTA. It integrates nicely within these configurations and shares a common configuration file. However, SpamAssassin (SA) itself does not perform any actions on messages; instead, it assigns a score to each message based on its content. You would then need a frontend like Procmail or Amavis at some point in the mail delivery chain that can hand over the message to SA and perform additional processing as desired. I was under the impression that if a message received a certain score, SA would take an action such as store, deliver, or delete based on the given configuration. It seems you are interested in custom programming actions within SpamAssassin. Unfortunately, I do not believe there are many opportunities for this without modifying the source code. Again, thank you for reaching out and please join the SpamAssassin mailing list if you have further questions or wish to discuss this topic with other users." }, { "body": "There has been an update to the 'cvsroot/spamassassin', 'spamassassinlibmail', 'spamassassin' directories with modifications made to the 'conf.pm' configuration file. A log has been added, and a note of deprecation has been included regarding starting lines with spaces, as they are reserved for future use in multiline rule definitions. The sample version tag has also been updated. The 'conf.pm' file retrieves revisions from RCS/CVSroot and compares them ('b w u d'), applies changes ('aug'), separates them ('sep'), loads files from the '/usr/share/spamassassin' and '/etc/mailscanner' directories. Comments in the files begin with a 'c' character, which continues to the end of the line; whitespace within the files is not significant but starting a line with whitespace is deprecated. Please note that paths can use the 'c' character to refer to users' home directories (e.g., versiontag refers to the home directory as '~'). This email is sponsored by OSDN and OsD, tired of your old cell phone? Get a new one here for free. For more information on changes made to SpamAssassin, please visit the spamassassincommits mailing list." }, { "body": "This is a warning message. Your message has remained in the server queue and the server will attempt to send it again. However, please do not try to resend your message at this moment as delivery is currently delayed due to issues with the SMTP module of domain tgsnopeccom which appears unresponsive. The current status of your message delivery is DNS Delayed from 'helo' by Communigate PRO SMTP with ESMTPTLS ID for Thu Sep, and it has been reported as delayed from various sources including hippostarcouk, exim debian, uswsflistssourceforgenet, startechgroupcouk via smtpd, and network. Additionally, the problem seems to have originated from an unknown helo (startechgroupcouk) by mattdevintstarcouk with SMTP. The sender's email address is matt@linuxtx.co.uk and the subject appears to be about spamassassin on Thu Sep. The message is in us-ascii format and contains a bulk of text discussing spam filtering." }, { "body": "Mike Burger has encountered an issue with SA (from Theos) on a Rh system running Perl. He is receiving messages suggesting that SA cannot find 'permsgstatus'. It appears that the line where ::permsgstatus should be loaded may have been missed, or possibly some old rules files are still present. The function 'checkforcontenttypejusthtml' relies on this object method, but it seems to no longer exist (it was renamed with Malte's coding). The email is sponsored by OSDN and mentions a new cell phone offer. It suggests that the user may have a spam issue as it refers to 'spamassassin', 'talk mailing list'. I recommend checking for missing or incorrectly loaded modules, and potentially cleaning old rules files." }, { "body": "I'm encountering an error page from sourceforgenet when I try to access 'just fyi Larry Rosenman, US Steamboat Springs Drive, Garland, TX'. Regarding the SFNet email, it appears to be sponsored by OSDN. I've had enough of the same old cell phone and I'm considering a new one for free. This offer is related to the spamassassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi Clark, I'm using a FreeBSD box where I can't modify the local Perl installation. I installed Procmail in my home directory and I'm trying to get SpamAssassin to work. I followed the instructions but I'm encountering issues. The error messages are: 'perl makefilepl: prerequisite : parser not found at eval line' and 'perl makefilepl: prerequisite : usage not found at eval line'. Additionally, it seems that 'sysconfdir' is not a known 'MakeMaker' parameter. I've tried searching for solutions but haven't found one yet. If you have any suggestions, I would appreciate your help. Also, if you're interested, there's a SpamAssassin discussion group on the talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Here's a rephrased version of your email: Dear Kerry, It would be great if we could have a moment to discuss some reality check rules. While it's tempting to cram numerous factors into the header in an attempt to accrue negative points, it's important to consider whether all these factors make logical sense together. For instance, can a Pine message ID coexist with an Outlook Express one, or a Mutt user-agent? The introduction of meta rules brings a new advantage: we can now check for an outlook-style forwarded message and not penalize it unless other indicators suggest it's from Outlook. However, the headers should be given careful attention. For example, messages originating from The New York Times or Lockergnome might initially appear spammy, but they usually don't tamper with or fake header information. Therefore, let's tone down the negative scores and penalize them more severely for any obvious forgeries. As we gather more effective 'nice' tests, the GA will assign lower scores to these messages. The current challenge is that our rulebase contains few truly effective 'nice' tests and many VEs that newsletters often match, causing problems for the GA to solve. Regarding your SFNet email being sponsored by OSDN and you expressing annoyance about the cell phone spam from the spamassassin talk mailing list, I couldn't agree more. Let's find ways to address this issue together." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears there is an issue with your system regarding the 'freemegsurluritest' in the eval line of a rule file. The operator expected seems to be missing before it, and there also seems to be an outdated copy of the rules files on your system. The rule is now called 'freemegsurl' instead. This email is sponsored by OSDN. If you are tired of the same old cell phone, consider upgrading to our free SpamAssassin talk mailing list for a new one. Best, The Support Team" }, { "body": "I've been pondering a bit about RPMs and other packages, specifically regarding PerlMailSpamAssassin, SpamAssassin Perl modules, spamassassin scripts such as spamd and spamd rcfile, etc. It seems like a smart approach to distribute only the necessary Perl modules without requiring the full RPM installation due to files like rc scripts in initd. This method has already been implemented in the distributed spec file. By the way, could you explain what the eval test you add in the TVD version of the RPM is? Also, I noticed that this SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. Are you tired of the same old cell phone? Check out our new phones available for free on the SpamAssassin Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you performed an update via RPM, which created new rule sets with the name xxrulenamecfrpmnew. However, it seems like SA can't find the 'permsgstatus' object, possibly due to a missing load statement at line line in your Perl script. The function 'checkforcontenttypejusthtml' is unable to locate 'method checkforcontenttypejusthtml' via package ::permsgstatus. It's possible that you forgot to load ::permsgstatus or have some old rules files still lingering around. This test used to exist but was renamed by Malte. Regarding your concern that Perl doesn't complain about not finding 'permsgstatus.pm', it might be that the script is using an older version of the rules where this function was present. I recommend checking for any potential inconsistencies or errors in your Perl script." }, { "body": "I have finally located the SpamAssassin team after months of searching. I unexpectedly found them at a bowling alley in Valencia here is a picture of my beloved clan. This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one for free. Check out the SpamAssassin mailing list." }, { "body": "I apologize for the duplicate email. It seems my SFNet email address may have bounced back, as it is sponsored by OSDN and I'm tired of dealing with that issue. I am considering getting a new cell phone and would appreciate if you could provide a free spam-assassin email account on your mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Josh Hildebrand, I'm encountering an issue when running your script as it complains about the 'h' parameter and the 'f' has been removed. However, I can run it on the command line as 'spamd d c a h' without any problems. It seems that the version of spamd running from the rc script is different, with the 'h' now present and 'f' removed. Is this the case for you as well? If so, you might want to locate an old version of spamd and discard it. Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Stephan Lentz, Regarding your inquiry about filtering emails based on additional headers in Lotus Notes, I believe I can shed some light. While it is true that Notes has limited capabilities for filtering based on hidden headers, it is not accurate to state that it cannot handle extra headers universally. However, the visible headers such as Sender, Subject, Precedence, etc., are primarily used for filtering purposes. To specifically answer your question, yes, there is a way to filter emails based on additional headers in Lotus Notes. The method involves the creation of custom rules or agents that can manipulate and utilize these extra headers for filtering purposes. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear recipient, I'm writing to suggest an alternative for our communication if aesthetics are a concern. Instead of using textplain quotedprintable, I think a simple letter would work better. For example, 'x' could be used in place of the current setup. However, we should not remove the config option as it gives users the freedom to customize according to their preferences. Regarding your concern about running Lucid Emacs via NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay and the issue with background colors, I've noticed this problem before. If you encounter such an issue again, please remember that it's due to certain system configurations, not anyone in particular. Lastly, for information about our PGP/GPG keys, refer to for details. Best, P.S. This email is sponsored by OSDN. If you're tired of the same old cell phone, consider getting a new one. For more information, visit our website. Regards, " }, { "body": "Further comments from Sadev regarding the spamlevelchar option change: Removal is not advisable as it may look terrible. If aesthetics are a concern, an 'x' could be used instead. However, we should not remove the config option if users wish to customize it. It would hinder them unnecessarily. You have been assigned or are monitoring this bug in SFNet. This email is sponsored by OSDN. If you are tired of the same old cell phone, upgrade now! It's free! SpamAssassin Developer Mailing List" }, { "body": "Daniel, Craig and Hughes, I propose configuring SA to prioritize spam messages by setting precedence to low. However, I've not encountered a real human setting precedence to low on regular mail. If there isn't a better solution for Lotus Notes users, we could establish a spam convention using 'junk' header (although it's non-standard, most software recognizes it). Courier and Outlook seem to handle these special headers too. Autoresponses should always contain the 'junk' notice. The spelling of 'precedence' is intentional to prevent well-tempered mail programs from generating bounce messages for these if the recipient can't be reached, the autoresponder message is simply discarded. If you're in a country where English is not commonly used or are agraphic (can't write), this will help avoid issues. The 'precedence' header, in practice, impacts sendmail to prioritize less important messages during high load. The FAQ from coding is art, and this sfnet email is sponsored by OSDN. If you're tired of the same old cell phone spam, check out our free offer for a new one on this link. Regarding the Here for Free Spamassassin Talk mailing list, please note it was not mentioned in the text." }, { "body": "It appears that you have installed Razor correctly, but an error regarding 'Omega' is occurring, specifically a 'No such file or directory' message. I suspect there might be an issue with the '::resolver' package as the method 'new' cannot be located. It seems like you may have forgotten to load '::resolver' at some point in your code. Regarding documentation, it is often challenging to decipher due to its complex nature. As for the unrelated content about a new cell phone and spam emails, I presume they are advertisements and not relevant to the issue at hand. This email appears to be sponsored by OSDN." }, { "body": "Despite my hesitation to upgrade to using the tarball instead of cpan, with the assistance of others I was able to get Razor functioning. However, I encountered an issue in my logs which occurred twice but has not recurred yet: 'Omega check permission denied cant call method log on unblessed reference at line line'. The documentation seems to be ambiguous; it's uncertain whether whoever wrote it understood it or not, as the rest of us may not be so fortunate. This SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. I'm tired of the same old cell phone spam; here's an offer for a new one - free of charge. This message appears to be from the SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "On Monday, September 20th Matt Sergeant suggested removing all whitelist entries and creating a new page to list common ones instead. I wholeheartedly agree with this proposal, though I think it would be more beneficial if this were a wiki format. It's fascinating to consider what Ronnie Scelson might do with a wiki (shudder at the thought). When it comes to coding, it's an art, and this SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN, tired of the same old spam. If you're fed up with your current cell phone, check out our free offer for a new one on our spamassassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "The following email contains additional comments regarding your post, which may necessitate a separate bug report. You are currently the assignee for this bug or are watching it. This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN and offers a free cell phone replacement. For more information about SpamAssassin development, you can subscribe to the mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear User, Could you please guide me on how to manually decode the part 'cw' in Morse code? The first three results I obtained appear useful, and they may be beneficial for the spamassassin-talk mailing list. Best regards," }, { "body": "I believe we should consider adding new GAD rules and removing outdated ones in our upcoming release. This would necessitate a discussion, but the new GAD scores are definitely worth implementing as the current ones seem too volatile. We should continue to develop and refine the rules on this list, but a new branch should be opened only if significant new features such as Bayes or interface changes are introduced. In other words, we should maintain the stability of the branches for the outside users while making continuous improvements under the surface. Please keep in mind that when you update to a new minor version number, users and system administrators might be less reluctant if they're assured the branches are stable and only contain improvements rather than potentially breaking changes. I will be away from my box and mail account for one week starting tomorrow, so happy coding for the next week!" }, { "body": "The email discusses different methods for dealing with spam during an SMTP transaction. The sender suggests three approaches: blocking the spam at the SMTP level with a permanent error code, blackholing the mail (seemingly accepting it but discarding it later), and returning a message indicating that the mailbox does not exist (hoping that some spammers will remove the address from their lists if they receive such messages). The sender expresses doubts about the first method as it might provoke the spammers to try other methods. They also mention that SpamAssassin, a widely-used spam filter, typically acts after the SMTP transaction has been completed successfully. The sender asks for thoughts on the effectiveness of each approach and wonders if spammers even pay attention to bounce messages due to their high volume." }, { "body": "Robert Strickler appears to suggest we should implement an identity stamp within xspam headers, enabling SA to only accept headers from authorized sources. SpamAssassin will disregard any non-authorized xspam headers, preventing them from circumventing the filter. For your reference, the SpamAssassin discussion can be found on the SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "Hi there, I encountered a similar issue while installing SpamAssassin through the ports on my fresh FreeBSD. I had to specify the order of directories in a certain way so that the latest :spec module would be used. It's good to know it's not just me. I have tried setting variables using setenv in the shell, inside the makefile, and even on the Perl command line without success. If you have any specific suggestions or insights regarding how you managed to do this, I would greatly appreciate your help. Thanks! David Raistrick (in remembrance of SpamAssassin discussion mailing list)" }, { "body": "I have successfully installed SpamAssassin Razor on my Debian Woody server. I apt-get installed SpamAssassin Razor and the necessary dependencies, then downloaded libmilterdev from ungzipped and untarred the file into /etc/mail. Following the instructions provided, I compiled the milter, installed the rc scripts, edited and updated sendmail.mc, changed etcdefaultspamassassin to set SpamAssassin to daemon mode, verified that SpamAssassin was running by tailing var/log/maillog, and confirmed that it is stable (running as 'sa' in both woody and woody-unstable). If you want to run the unstable version, change etc/apt/sources.list substituting 'unstable' for 'stable', then run apt-get update and install the unstable versions. I am currently running the stable source live right now and it is working very well. I am not sure if there is a Debianized package for SpamAssassin on Woody or anywhere else, but if you know of one, please let me know. It has been so long since I last compiled software that I am somewhat shy to try again." }, { "body": "Dear Stephane Lentz, I encountered a similar issue while installing SpamAssassin on my fresh FreeBSD system via the ports. To resolve this, I had to define a specific order of directories so that the latest :spec module would be utilized. I have tried setting environment variables in the shell as well as inside the makefile and even on the Perl command line, but none of these attempts were successful. Assuming you run Bash, here's how I set it up: 1. In the shell, use a variable similar to this: perlmap print n setenv SPAM_MODULE_PATH /usr/local/lib/spamassassin/3.4.x: 2. Then, set up the shell variable and put it in some bashrc for future use: export SPAM_MODULE_PATH 3. Finally, try to install the software. For more information, refer to 'man perlrun'. I hope this helps you. Let me know if you encounter any further issues while installing SpamAssassin or have any questions regarding this process. Regards, David Raistrick, Alcanet International Internet Services" }, { "body": "Thus far today, I've discovered Efforg and Mandrakesoft.com in my DCC account. My trust in DCC is starting to wane, Robin Lynn Frank from Paradigm Omega LLC. No electrons were harmed during the sending of this message, but two neutrons and a proton have complained about the noise. This issue has been reported on the Remembrance SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "I have been experiencing an issue with Defangmime since I set it up, where any spam containing HTML with a poorly formatted report is recognized as such. I believe this is because the report should be in HTML format. Is there a way to get SpamAssassin to generate an HTML report when required? It would be helpful if Defangmime could wrap the report for easier reading, similar to how it seems to handle encoded messages. Currently, the report is placed inside of the MIME text/plain section. Shouldn't this be in its own MIME section to prevent attachments from getting destroyed? This issue also seems to occur with encoded messages. I was actually in the process of writing the same message when I saw yours. It would indeed be nice if SpamAssassin could recognize a 'text/html' header and handle Defangmime accordingly. Regards, Ian White" }, { "body": "Vivek Khera from Khera Communications Inc suggests upgrading SpamAssassin for all users as the rules need to be updated due to the evolving nature of spam. He proposes an automated notice system, reminiscent of nagware, that alerts users when their rules are say months old and recommends checking for updates. Additionally, he suggests a built-in server check on a periodic basis, even daily, to look for the existence of an update and prompt the system admin to upgrade if found. This could greatly benefit SpamAssassin users and ensure everyone stays updated. It's worth noting that this approach has not been applied to many of the apps they sell due to user concerns about spyware and phoning home, but in cases where the app needs to access the internet anyways, it has been done successfully with minimal concern from users (Joseph Burke, President & CEO, Infinisource Inc)." }, { "body": "I'm glad to hear that your progress is going well and the implementation of Naive Bayes spam/non-spam classification is working reasonably well. It appears that we indeed want a tightly integrated implementation within SA. I am still figuring out some details about how to accomplish this effectively inside SA. Regarding individual spam word file preferences when SpamAssassin is running on a mailserver for multiple users, that would be an outstanding addition if it can be done. If possible, that feature would greatly enhance the project. Thank you for your great work." }, { "body": "There is a third possibility instead of returning an error code suggesting you've identified a spammer, one could fake a non-existent mailbox response. The intention would be that some spammers might remove names reported as non-existent from their lists. Although it's a slim hope, if only a few do it, it can lower the incidence of them not doing so. I must admit, many spamtraps nowadays wait for months in the hopes of receiving legitimate mail to remove bouncing addresses from lists. Unfortunately, many legitimate mailers do not bother cleaning their lists. Some spammers do not check reply codes at all; they just send out as many emails as their system will hold without checking for any confirmation. A trick to lower spam reception that was discussed on the Postfix mailing list is to respond with a temporary error code when offered the first time, and accept it the second time. It seems most mass-emailers do not even try to deliver a second time." }, { "body": "Paul Fries has requested a solution for an issue related to the removal of the 'M' flag in Spamassassin after upgrading. Although HTML formatted emails seem to arrive properly, messages tagged as spam are arriving as just HTML source. He would like to know if there is a way to retain the formatting of HTML/RTF messages even when they are marked as spam. This can be achieved by using the 'M' flag when starting Spamd. Thank you for your help." }, { "body": "I have rephrased your email as follows: Dear SpamAssassin Team, I recently installed SpamAssassin with Razor and it has been functioning well. Yesterday, I added PyZor to my setup, which I believe was installed successfully without errors. Currently, I am using spamd and notice that it periodically spawns a PyZor process; however, nothing has been marked as spam by PyZor under SpamAssassin. It has been running for almost half a day now on my user mail server, leading me to believe that the chances of it detecting spam should be high. I run spamd as 'spamd d h' and all user home directories contain a PyZor directory with the server listed under it. I have set up a test Procmail recipe that invokes only Pyzor check, to see if PyZor alone can identify any spam. As of yet, I haven't received any results. When attempting connectivity to PyZor, I get the response 'pyzor d ping ok.' Any help or examples would be greatly appreciated. Keep up the fantastic work with SpamAssassin! Regards, Nick Outgoing mail is certified free and checked by AVG Antivirus System." }, { "body": "It appears that they clean their email lists only when a spam attempt fails to deliver or cannot be detected. The question arises about what spammers do with undeliverable email addresses for several years. It seems my hypothesis for the moment is that if your business involves selling email lists to individuals who would then spam, it's in your best interest never to clean your list. This way, you can technically claim a large number of email addresses, even if the majority do not work. On the other hand, if you are a spammer, you might want to know which email addresses don't exist, but you may also want to relay through someone to make it harder to trace you. If possible, you would send mail to every available email address, avoiding setting up a valid bounce address because it makes tracing easier. However, if you technically spam people while claiming to provide a legitimate service, you might have a way of opting out, even though the user did not opt in, and you probably don't relay and pay attention to bounces. Everyone else doesn't seem to care about this." }, { "body": "It appears that you have some concerns regarding spam lists and the behavior of spammers. Here's a possible rephrasing: 'Regarding your inquiry about getting removed from spam lists, it seems there's a common perception among individuals that once on a spammer's list, it is difficult to be removed. However, contrary to this belief, I believe the spammers have a reason not to remove emails. They want to prove they are reaching potential clients and getting their money. Therefore, they only need to show they send several million emails, not necessarily that these emails reach the intended recipients. They don't seem too concerned about bounces since they are often con artists. It seems they care more about proving they sent the emails rather than proving they were delivered. So it appears they clean up their lists only when an email fails to deliver or if they can detect that most of the time, the bounce goes to a recipient unrelated to the spammer. As for the question about what happens to undeliverable email addresses in their database for several years, yes, they do continue to spam them. They may keep these addresses on file, hoping that at some point, they will be able to deliver the email successfully." }, { "body": "Regarding your question, it appears you're asking about the behavior of spammers towards undeliverable email addresses that have been inactive for a few years. To provide an answer, generally, spammers may still attempt to send emails to such addresses as they don't have any mechanism to determine if an address is active or not. However, these emails are likely to bounce back and be discarded by the email server." }, { "body": "I believe you're having a question about your mail server setup and DNS records, specifically MX and A records. Here's a simplified explanation: 1. You have two MX records (mail and bmail) for your mail server, one of which is being used for spam and virus scanning before delivering the email. This is why you provided a 'bmail' record. 2. DNS A records are typically used for load balancing, whereas DNS MX records are used to specify mail servers responsible for receiving email for a domain. They function in a priority order. If the primary server is unavailable, another server with a lower priority will be tried. 3. It seems like your concern is that not all emails are being scanned and delivered as intended. This could potentially mean that some of the emails may bypass the scanning box or the box is not receiving all emails as expected. To troubleshoot, you might want to check the server logs, verify DNS settings, and ensure there are no issues with your email client. 4. As for why only some mail is being scanned, it could be due to a configuration issue on your mail server or an issue with your email client. The fact that your server never goes down might not be related to the problem at hand. 5. I hope this helps clarify your confusion. Let me know if you need further assistance!" }, { "body": "On Friday, September at Vernon, I have been trying to understand DNS functions and it seems that A records are used for load balancing in a rotating fashion while MX records are used either in order or priority (the latter only if the primary is not available). However, it appears that not all of the mail is being scanned as intended, leading me to believe that not all mail is hitting the primary server. This could be due to some technical glitch or intentionally sending to the secondary server, which is a semi-usual spammer trick to bypass the main server and send directly to the secondary (since it may have less filtering or be trusted). In the world of MX records, multiple ones contain a preference indication that must be used in sorting. Lower numbers are more preferred than higher ones. If there are multiple destinations with the same preference, and there is no clear reason to favor one (for example, by recognition of an easily reached address), then the sender's SMTP must randomize them to spread the load across multiple mail exchangers for a specific organization. If it determines that it should relay the message without rewriting the address, it must sort the MX records to determine candidates for delivery. The records are first ordered by preference with the lowest-numbered records being most preferred. The relay host then inspects the list for any of the names or addresses by which it might be known in mail transactions. If a matching record is found, all records at that preference level and higher-numbered ones must be discarded from consideration. If there are no records left at that point, it's an error condition and the message must be returned as undeliverable. If records do remain, they should be tried in the order of best preference, randomly generated. Regarding the PGP/GPG signature in this email, for more information see the end of the email." }, { "body": "The provided spam filtering output looks correct according to 'spamc' and 'spamtxt', but when checked with 'echo', it returns 'a' instead of 'can'. This indicates a potential bug as packet trace shows that the request checks 'felicit ycontentlengt', and the response is 'ex false'. This suggests that 'spamd' is returning incorrect results randomly. For more information, please refer to the attached PGP signature and see end PGP signature. This SFNet email is sponsored. Welcome to Geek Heaven. (The PGP signature part has been omitted for brevity)" } , { "body": "On Friday, there appears to be an issue with the mail scanning at Vernon as only some of the mail is being processed. This suggests that not all mail may be reaching the designated box. I am confused about this situation as I'm sending mail directly to a backup mail server, hoping it has less stringent spam scanning. However, bypassing strict spam filtering is often a tactic used by spammers, as mentioned by Jason Kohles, Senior Engineer at Red Hat Professional Consulting. This discussion is related to the sfnet email sponsored for the Geek Heavenspamassassintalk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Justin Mason, It appears that the Razor tool needs to be registered for each user. A possible solution is to create a world-readable home directory for Razor and other related tools (such as dcc) to store their files in. In this way, Spamd will share the Razor server information between all users. However, instead of making it world-writable, make it world-readable and use Spamd 'h' to point to the world-writeable directory. Please remember that Razor and whatever dcc uses must also be made world-readable. A more efficient approach in my opinion is to create a world-writable log file for at least Razor, using symbolic links to devnull. However, the efficiency may depend on the user base, and it takes control away from the user, which might or might not be ideal depending on the specific user base. I would also like to suggest randomly generating a funny ID. If you could send me an email with this information, that would be great! Regards, " }, { "body": "I could not locate any information regarding setting up multiple SpamD machines for load balancing in the provided list. However, you may want to look into SpamD's load balancing capabilities or consider alternative solutions such as using a spam-filtering load balancer like SpamAssassin's Traffic Shaping feature (also known as rate limiting). To learn more about this, you might find it helpful to join the Geek Heaven SpamAssassin Developers mailing list for discussions and guidance on this matter." }, { "body": "Dear All, On Friday, September, Tony L Svanstrom brought up a question about what happens to undeliverable email addresses in spammer databases after a few years. Do they still continue to spam these addresses? Yes, it seems so, as I receive thousands of bounces per day on this machine, which appear to be message IDs. Let's appreciate those daring young men and their flying spellcheckers! This SFNET email is sponsored by Geek Heaven - SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "It appears that you are receiving emails with the following issues: Linux RBL check timed out and was killed, consecutive failure of SEP Linux spamassassin timed out and was killed. These messages indicate problems with the email's source server during checks by the system. The email has been scanned for viruses and dangerous content by mailscanner at compwizcom and is believed to be clean. Additionally, this SFNET email is sponsored by Geek Heaven and related to the spamassassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Currently, Marc Perkel is using a single 'spam' status flag to categorize messages as spam or not. The intention is for users to create a rule that would move these flagged messages into a 'spam folder', thus saving time by pre-sorting messages into two piles. If the user lacks knowledge to filter based on the actual score, there are stars available to provide additional control. For those who want more leverages, they have more than enough options with the stars. In Latin, this concept translates to 'tony per scientiam ad libertatem' or 'knowledge towards freedom'. This approach is related to 'genom kunskap mot frihet' in Swedish and 'c Perl eprint for sortlynx dump svanstromcomtthis sfnet email' is sponsored to the geek heaven's SpamAssassin developer mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you are encountering some issues with your Linux system and specifically with SpamAssassin and MailScanner. The messages you're receiving about timeout and kill are due to the configuration of these tools. The timeout used for checking ordbrbl is too low, causing MailScanner to time out repeatedly. After seven such timeouts, these checks will be automatically disabled until MailScanner restarts itself in a few hours. This is a common issue when learning to configure such tools, as Chaucer once said 'so short the craft so long to learn'. The email you received is sponsored by SFNet and related to the SpamAssassin discussion list." }, { "body": "Tony L Svanstrom, on Sep 1st, discussed an idea regarding spam filtering. The current system indicates a message as either spam or not-spam with a status flag. The suggestion is to enable end users to create rules that automatically move spam-flagged messages into a spam folder, thereby saving time by pre-sorting messages. Although developers understand the concept of utilizing stars for further filtering if necessary, the main focus is on simplifying the process for end users. This email pertains to the sfnet Email is Sponsored Geek Heavenspamassassin Devel Mailing List." }, { "body": "I have observed that Razorcheck performance seems to have decreased over the last week. Disabling Razorchecks in Spamassassin has helped my queues clear out again. This is a reminder that this issue is being discussed on the SFNet email list for razorusers." }, { "body": "Is there a project FAQ available that is similar to a Perl script which fetches POP3 mail from a remote server? The retrieved mail is then processed by a standalone module (SA) running within my user account. SA outputs results back to the Perl script, and the Perl script subsequently deletes offending emails. Note: I do not have root access, so I do not need MTARIS Fortune/Fortunes Web Computer Services from Nelson BC, Canada, or sponsorship from AMD or your access to the experts on Hammer Technology's open source Linux developers. However, I encourage you to register for the AMD Developer Symposium and join the spamassassin-talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, I was considering removing certain rules while keeping the rest within the range as they are currently too noisy to be effective. However, I am open to keeping those same rules in the future. I think Matt Craig might agree since he could handle commenting out the lowest spamphrase scores if the GA can manage this sort of thing automatically, making them zeroed. This would make me feel better as the ranges may change next time the phrase list is regenerated or the algorithm tweaked. However, I believe we should understand why it's so low before removing it. The rules on either side perform quite well and here are the ones that seem like they should be improved: missing gappytext, invalidmsgid, mimenullblock, subjmissing. I don't like subjmissing, but I think there might be a lot of emails from cron jobs which hit it. Therefore, I suggest we drop subjmissing. The others are recoverable for sure. I am confident there are more, probably a few. Those seemed like the best prospects to me. By the way, do you agree with the proposed methodology? That is, remove the rules and bugzilla each one. However, I only want a bugzilla ticket for each one if people are okay with quick 'wontfix' closes on the ones deemed unworthy of recovery. If possible, could you put the stats for each rule in the ticket? This should be automatable with email at least, as it would help." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, I noticed that it appears fetchmail is adding 'Received' headers which may be incorrect. I believe this could be addressed by opening a bug for investigation. I will attach some examples for reference. Unfortunately, Bugzilla does not allow email submissions. However, you can still add information related to the issue with an email. Dan" }, { "body": "Justin Mason, Simon Matthews and Procmail have found Procmail to be reliable, as long as none of the recipes fail. The primary goal is to resolve the tripletstxt issue to prevent the subsequent procmail problem. However, it's uncertain if there's a direct connection between the two. The tripletstxt issue resides in an entirely different coding area and the Procmail bug occurs when the filter program behaves unexpectedly, but the specific cause is yet to be confirmed by experts on the Procmail list. It might involve the filter program exiting with a non-zero status, producing output on the standard error, or something else altogether. Simon is attempting to ensure SA runs flawlessly in order to avoid triggering the Procmail bug. This isn't a fix, but rather a workaround as he apparently can't install a newer version of Procmail." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, It appears that there is a concern about the current implementation of the comment in head. The issue seems to stem from what sounds like a broken server and low hitrate, making it less useful in your opinion. This, as you've stated, is likely a bug in SA or the libraries we are using. Additionally, it appears that there is room for improvement in how we handle outages of network services. You mentioned that the rule is useful and helps reduce spam. We should keep it. You also suggested that the DNSBL rules may cluster more heavily around the TO range once we start using the new GA on them. Lastly, you provided some insights about the number used in the rule. You typically use a slightly conservative number because you don't have real-time data. The choice of number depends on the trend of the period data: most recent month, two months, six months, depending on the trend. This approach seems to favor better performance for recent messages with recent scores and worse performance for recent messages with lowest scores. You also advised against picking the highest number unless the rule was very accurate and the highest number was for the most recent data. Best," }, { "body": "Dear Gary Funck, I found the PerlLocalPod line unusual in the root directory. Is it common to write documentation into the root directory? I believe there might have been a Make parameter or environment variable that should have been set when running Make. I've encountered an issue and it seems that by registering with razor, I was able to avoid the error path noted in my previous email (where ::resolver does not exist in my Perl hierarchy). Here is the new output from sa and it looks good if we use SpamAssassin on a per-user basis invoked from procmailrc. My question is, will each user have to run razoradmin register first? Is there a way to register with razor just once per system? If you use spamd with the h option and provide a shared directory for the razor config files to be written to, more details can be found in the documentation. Regards." }, { "body": "Dear Justin, I hope this message finds you well and a bit late but still happy birthday! Regarding the spam corpus, it appears that the miss ratio is rather high, although the low false positive percentage is quite pleasant. Additionally, the narrowing of average false positive false negative scores compared to what Dan mentioned is significant. This is an important point because the measurements cannot be directly compared since I changed the methodology in the scores and they were evolved on the entire corpus then evaluated using that same corpus. As a result, there was no blind testing and the scores could potentially overfit. However, if these figures were evaluated blind on a totally unseen set of messages, they would be much more accurate for real-world use." }, { "body": "Hello, It appears that you have upgraded to a new version of SpamAssassin last week, but messages from the DCC database are not being marked as such when connected via spamc. Interestingly, these messages are detected when running spamassassin t samplespamtxt using the same user ID. You mentioned that this used to work under both SpamAssassin and Spamd/spamc. I am not certain if this is a known feature of spamc or if there might be something you are not implementing correctly. Could you please check your configuration settings to ensure everything is set up correctly? Regards, Ray Gardener, Sheffield Hallam University UK" }, { "body": "To whitelist messages related to spam or spam reports from your current email source in SpamAssassin, you should add it to the list of trusted sources. Keep in mind that messages containing spam indicators will still be tagged as spam if they are not on this list. Since this is typically the only whitelisting used, you can proceed with adding your SFNET email address to the Geek Heaven SpamAssassin Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Yes, I believe that some other MGM data includes spamtrap information. To clarify, 'spamtrap' refers to email addresses specifically set up to catch spam at any given time. If it would be helpful for future communications to keep this separate, please let me know. I should add that my spamtraps are typically free of viruses and bounce messages most of the time. Michael Moncur from MGM at starlingtech.com mentioned that a lack of money is not an obstacle, but a lack of an idea is. Ken Hakuta." }, { "body": "Hi there, In order to install SpamAssassin on FreeBSD, here are the dependencies and prerequisites you may need: 1. Procmail: If you're using SpamAssassin for local delivery, not using a milter, and not using a :audit script instead, then Procmail is essential. 2. Make: Both GNU Make (gnumake) and BSD Make are supported by Perl to build Perl modules. Since SpamAssassin is another Perl module, it should work fine with either one. 3. Perl: Since SpamAssassin is a Perl module, you'll need to have Perl installed. Unfortunately, there doesn't seem to be a clear readme file for SpamAssassin on your system. However, the Procmail that you've already installed should be sufficient for getting started. Here's a simple English guide to help you set up SpamAssassin: 1. Install Perl if it's not already installed. 2. Install Procmail if it's not already installed. 3. After installation, edit your procmailrc file to include the following lines: :0w * ^X-Spam-Status: Yes spamassassin 4. Restart your mail service. I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any further questions." }, { "body": "Dear Michael Moncur, Regarding your corpus on spamtraps and spam data, it appears to be well-cleaned and monitored, which is great. I understand that you have old user addresses recycled into spamtraps for trapping website crawlers. These are indeed the most effective. However, I want to inform you that these old user addresses are typically recycled several months after the user closes their account and may have been scanned for newsletters from which they have unsubscribed. It's also important to note that some maintenance is required to avoid ham (non-spam) emails from getting into the spamtraps. I see that some of your spamtrap data has contributions from ISPs, but you mentioned you hadn't spent enough time sifting through for legit mail that was slipping through. As a result, you decided to leave those out for this run, keeping only the hand-cleaned data. Please keep in mind the importance of separating your spamtraps from the rest of the data and let me know if there's anything I can assist with regarding maintenance or further clarifications. Best regards," }, { "body": "The bug has been marked as 'Fixed'. I believe this issue should no longer be a concern. You are the assignee or are watching the assignee for this bug. This email is sponsored by sfnet and delivered to the SpamAssassin Development mailing list on Geek Heaven." }, { "body": "Dear David, I'm sorry to inform you that the bug tracking system is exclusively for OpenSource SpamAssassin (the Unix version). For other issues, you should contact someone at deersoft.com instead. You have been assigned or are watching this bug ticket in the sfnet email, which is sponsored to the Geek Heaven SpamAssassin Developers mailing list." }, { "body": "I understand that you have provided additional comments on the issue and expressed a preference to observe if spammers make changes. It appears your assumption is they will not modify their spamware to send messages tailored for each recipient. As a result, I am marking this as 'wontfix'. You are either assigned for this bug or watching its progress. This email is sponsored to the Geek Heavenspamassassin-dev mailing list." }, { "body": "Additional comments from Dan. Are there any code segments from this that can be checked in? I'd love to tinker around with it a bit. You are receiving this email as you are on the CC list for the bug or are watching someone who is, regarding the sfnet email which is sponsored by Geek Heavenspamassassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "Thank you for your insights on the idea. Given that the parameters are nonbinary and the major operator is mutation in evolutionary programming, it's crucial to note that the more interactions between variables, the more finely-tuned the Gaea needs to be, particularly to avoid local optima which might have contributed to the suspiciously high antiratware useragent scores seen in past results. To address this, we need to consider one or more of the following: 1. Determine mutational parameters by adapting scores themselves with variation on a per-original score basis. 2. Allow for having correlated mutations, meaning having a mechanism in place for trying out changes to a bunch of scores at once, with them all moving about the same amount, albeit possibly in different directions. A method to achieve this can be found in Schwefel's evolutionary strategies: adapt the probability of a mutation taking place depending on how well previous mutation attempts have done. If more than about a fifth of the new individuals are doing as well as or better than the parental generation, then increase the number of parameters being mutated. Conversely, if less than a fifth of them are performing as well as or better than the parental generation, then reduce the number of parameters being mutated." }, { "body": "Mike Bostock from By Postfix, with an ESMTP ID, has sent an email worth your attention. If you visit their website, it appears they are in the business of mass email marketing. Regrettably, their mailing to you bypassed SpamAssassin. Despite not receiving any communication from them for about a year, their headers indicate that they're still active. We suggest creating an Xmailer rule to filter similar emails and put it into testing. This SFNet email is sponsored; welcome to Geek Heaven - SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "Jason Quackenbush, it appears that you have set up Procmail on a gateway as an intermediary between your external sendmail box and internal Exchange Bridgehead Server. Currently, the system only receives inbound emails and the goal is to simplify the configuration by going back to two separate boxes. You have conducted a test that seems to confirm our understanding about Procmail, but the testing was limited due to your current configuration setup which causes confusion when set up as a gateway. Your question is about finding a way to separate inbound and outbound emails so that only inbound mail is checked for spam and outbound mail is ignored. You are using Sendmail with Procmail on the gateway to call SpamAssassin, but it seems that SpamAssassin doesn't get called for outgoing email messages sent to other machines. You want to know if there is a way to make Procmail act as a local delivery agent only for inbound traffic to local machines and ignore the outbound traffic. This might be more of a Sendmail question, but your Google searches have mainly turned up people trying to log all inbound and outbound email using Procmail and SpamAssassin." }, { "body": "Hi Cheryl Southard, It appears that you're experiencing an issue with SpamAssassin and Procmail where your user preferences file is not being read when running spamc from the global etcprocmailrc file. Here's a possible solution: 1. To make spamd load the per-user config files, run spamc as the user whose config files spamd should load. 2. If you're running spamc as some other user (e.g., root, mail nobody, cyrus), you can still use this method but ensure that you set 'dropprivs yes' in etcprocmailrc before calling spamc from the procmailrc file. This will drop all privileges and execute the bottom half of the etcprocmailrc file on behalf of the recipient. Hope this helps! Let me know if you encounter any further issues." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, the issue with defanged mime messages is significant, but if instead of removing the headers, you revert back to the xspamprev versions, it would almost work. I have fixed the downloads page, please check now. Regarding the un-defanging of MIME, it was causing issues with some of my masscheckresults where Samarkup was present. Previously, if there was a warning about Samarkup in masscheck, it never worked for medan." }, { "body": "Dear Doug, I hope this message finds you well. You've recently downloaded the Razor SDK and agents from their site and have been able to use the SDK without any issues as all tests have passed. However, you're encountering errors when attempting to create agents, specifically mentioning a missing DNS. It appears that the DNS is present, but the error persists. I would like to offer some assistance in troubleshooting this issue. Here are a few suggestions: 1. Ensure that your SUSE environment is correctly configured and updated. Check if there are any known issues with DNS resolution in the SUSE community forums or documentation. 2. Try creating agents manually, step by step, to identify where exactly the error might be occurring. This could help pinpoint a more specific issue. 3. If possible, try using different agents and see if you still encounter the same error. This can help determine whether the issue is agent-specific or a broader problem with your setup. 4. Verify that the SDK's DNS settings are correctly configured if it has its own DNS module. Check if there are any inconsistencies between the SDK and your system's DNS configuration. 5. If none of the above steps help, consider reaching out to Razor support for further assistance as they might have insights specific to their software. Remember that this list is not exhaustive, and you may find a solution elsewhere in your troubleshooting process. I hope this helps you resolve the issue quickly. Let me know if you need any more information or guidance. Best regards." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel Quinlan, Allen Smith, I've been experimenting with Google Analytics (GA). Unfortunately, I don't have a large or easily processable corpus at hand, which makes GA fiddling part of my research but not the mail processing. To test out my changes, someone needs to send me copies of the 'tmpscores.sh' and 'tmptest.sh' scripts that are generated before GA takes action. I suggest starting with the MassCheck corpus results as they are easier to obtain - simply by getting a directory listing of the corpus server and doing some downloads. Done, you can generate your own 'tmpscores.sh' and 'tmptest.sh'. I will report back on my results. Regards, " }, { "body": "Please verify if the provided address is correct, and resend the email if necessary." }, { "body": "Discussing an alternative to spam phrases, the proposed strategy leans towards a database approach similar to white/black listing. The idea is to tie this method with XML retrieval from a central repository of lists. MySQL supports replication and could be used for this purpose. An organized XML format would allow both manual inspection and automated updates of the database. Additionally, there's a suggestion to create an RBL (Reversed Blacklist) for reverse lookup purposes, which could be named 'spamwebbugx'. Implementing this might get tricky due to specifying a randomized intermediate directory. In summary, it appears we are planning to store hash sums of URLs/phone numbers found in spam within a DNSBL (Dynamic Name System Blackhole List) for applications like SpamAssassin to look up. This concept resembles SpamCop's spamvertized URL list. The email is sponsored and dedicated servers are available only on Linux or FreeBSD, offering free setup and fast network. Get your own server today at spamassassintalk mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you have been receiving a significant amount of spam relayed through this group recently. Could others please confirm this? If it is indeed the case, I will devise a forgedhostname test for it. I typically receive them from 'dsltelespnetbr'. The number seems to be increasing per month and contains spam. Last month was randomly generated; I don't believe I have ever cuddled my colleagues Larry Wall in application. For your information, the email is signed with PGP signature. Below is the PGP key for verification." }, { "body": "Justin Mason, Is it possible to use the entire dataset for both training and evaluation once we've decided on the final method for any one release? If so, could we utilize the data for a final run?" }, { "body": "Justin Mason found it intriguing as some of these appear to be encrypted versions of the recipient's email address. To view this, search your spam archive using your email address and 'grep'. There will be at least one match: Theo van Dinter. I'm surprised by these results, especially considering I should see some false positives. However, not many matches were found, which is not that concerning. Overall, it seems worthwhile, not bad. The interesting aspect is that these hits all seem to be variations of the address. If we start encountering False Positives (FPs) or if anyone has concerns, we could make it an evaluation test for the address by turning non-word characters into characters in the regular expression at the same time. Additionally, it might be worth testing for usernames in HTML comments. I found some types in HTML comments, but haven't seen enough hits yet to bother. However, I did add a good test for email addresses in comments, suggested by Dan." }, { "body": "The CVS root of spamassassin, spamassassinlibmail and spamassassinpm in the directory has been updated. A fix for bug R in spamassassinpm's log has been implemented. Previously, r and w were not respecting autowhitelistpath. The revision and its differences have been retrieved (diffs b w u d). Non-public methods have been utilized (init sub functions like readcf, my self, path desc) to read and parse the current configuration. However, cuseuserprefs does not read user preferences or do cut sub init actions (like opening DNS cache, etc.). This email is sponsored by sfnet and welcomes you to the spamassassin commits mailing list." }, { "body": "An update regarding the cvsroot/spamassassin/ directory: The modification to spamassassin in the spamassassinraw log has revealed a bug where read and write operations were not respecting spamassassinrawrcs. This issue was found while retrieving revision. Diff b w u d reveals that spamassassinraw separates at sep and oct. If you encounter this, please be aware of the warning if doing a whitelist operation. Read the config for spamtestinit. If optaddtowhitelist is used, all addresses will be added to the whitelist. However, if optremovefromwhitelist is used, this SFNET email (sponsored by Geek Heaven's spamassassin commits mailing list) will be removed from the whitelist." }, { "body": "The modification of the cvsroot/spamassassin/spamassassin in directory dbbasedwhitelist has been updated. The log fixed a bug where r and w were not respecting autowhitelistpath dbbasedwhitelistt in rcs. The revision differences are being retrieved. The directories dbbasedwhitelist and dbbasedwhitelistipst have been separated. Libraries are being used for the tests. The test patterns are being run using satest, satinitdbbasedwhitelist, and sarun. The removeaddrfromwhitelist function is working correctly. All patterns in dbbasedwhitelist and dbbasedwhitelistipst have been checked. This email is sponsored and part of the geek heaven spamassassincommits mailing list." }, { "body": "I am writing to inform you about an update concerning the cvsroot/spamassassin/ directory. There appears to be a bug in the modified log where read and write operations were not respecting spamassassin/raw/.rcs as intended. Specifically, during revision retrieval, 'd' (diff between 'b' and 'u') was being compared with 'spamassassin/raw/sep' and 'spamassassin/raw/oct'. If this bug is encountered while performing a whitelist operation, it may produce a warning. To avoid this issue, please ensure to read the config spamtest_init, especially if you are using the optaddtowhitelist or optremovefromwhitelist options. This update has also been posted on the spamassassin-commits mailing list." }, { "body": "The CVSroot/spamassassin/spamassassinrules directory has been updated. There is a log bug where read (r) and write (w) operations are not respecting RCS. The issue involves retrieving revisions, diff b w u d (binary to unified delta), oct (Octal number), score (porn galleries, ratwarelcoutlook, shortreceivedline, safeguardnotice, mailmanconfirm, significant, ratwarediffond RCS), sep (Octal separator), friends reunited (popular UK oldschoolnetwork), whitelistfromrcvd (friendsreunitedcoukthis sfnet email is sponsored to geek heavenspamassassincommits mailing list)." }, { "body": "The CVSroot/spamassassin/spamassassin, dbbasedwhitelist, and related components have been updated. The log fix addresses a bug where r and w were not respecting autowhitelistpath. Changes can be retrieved using the RCS system in the CVS root directory. Tests are being run to ensure patterns are functioning correctly. A whitelist is being removed from the list, and the results are being displayed at 'patternsruncb'. The test suite is also being used to verify all patterns. This email is sponsored by SFNet and welcome to Geek Heaven SpamAssassin Commits Mailing List." }, { "body": "The Malte S Stretz issue has been resolved, but there is a cosmetic concern regarding adding notices about Irix and M to the docs in Cygwin's exe. This issue might be somewhat disturbing, but it has now been fixed. Additionally, there was a formatting issue that is considered broken but won't be fixed at this time. Regarding packaging, it seems everything else is okay. If no moderately serious issues surface tonight, I will release it tomorrow (GMT). This is regarding the sfnet email sponsored by Geek Heaven's SpamAssassin Talk mailing list." }, { "body": "There seems to be an issue with the system where messages from users regarding bugs are being held for moderation due to implicit message destination. This has been a source of frustration for both the users and myself, as well as Justin, since the messages were not always accepted. I apologize for any inconvenience this may have caused." }, { "body": "The changes you mentioned regarding the status of 'new', addition of comments, resolution, and fix for the bug were not reflected in Bugzilla yet. I have already committed a patch to address this issue on both head and provided an explanation in my last message about the problem and the solution the patch provides. Since you are either the assignee or are watching the assignee for this bug, I am sending this email as part of the sfnet email, which is sponsored by Geek Heaven and filtered through SpamAssassin Dev Mailing List." }, { "body": "Thank you for updating us regarding the removal of 'statusnew', 'assigned', 'additional comments' from the use of config. I appreciate this change, as I prefer to avoid such elements when they can be avoided. However, it seems that different Perl versions vary greatly in these aspects and Perl does not inherently know about the existence or location of rules unless they are in the perl libdir. Previously, 'usrshare' or similar directories were used for storing rules, but their use was much worse than the current state. Therefore, we need an out-of-band method to inform SpamAssassin where to find these elements, which is the problem. I recommend using 'perl makefilepl devnull' to enable bots to build it. I may have missed some details of your concerns; could you please elaborate specifically?" }, { "body": "I have given your concerns some thought, and it seems that you are encountering issues with the use of pmfilter and the :makemaker module. I understand your frustration as you have tried several methods to make it work but haven't succeeded. If anyone has any innovative ideas on how to resolve this issue, they are welcome to share. It appears that some modules from CPAN include a line like 'use :makemaker', which is causing the failure on the use :makemaker command. The Perl error message suggests that the version of :makemaker required is not being met, but the makefile doesn't get a chance to reach the writemakefile line with the prereqpm :makemaker option. As a result, CPAN can't automatically upgrade this module. You propose several potential solutions: removing the use line and adding the version to prereqpm after writemakefile; manually requiring :makemaker in the code; or overwriting pmtoblib in the makefile directly. However, each of these solutions has drawbacks and may not be ideal. It seems that you are open to suggestions for alternative approaches. If this were an Apache project, this would likely be your veto vote. However, you suggest that the clear error message might indicate it's acceptable to require users to manually update :makemaker before SA installation." }, { "body": "Further comments on a potential solution suggest combining the preprocessor with pmfilter, provided we can sort out the :makemaker versioning issues. You are receiving this message as you are assigned or watching the assignee for this bug. This email is sponsored and related to the Geek Heavenspamassassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "The status 'new' has been removed, 'added' has been added, 'resolved' and 'resolution' are marked as completed, 'wontfix' remains unchanged, and additional comments have been appended. The RFC header you are receiving is a valid but seldom used one. You are the assignee for this bug or are watching it. This email is sponsored to the geek heavenspamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Geek Heavenspamassassindevel mailing list member, This email is regarding a bug that was previously marked as 'Status New', 'Additional Comments' or 'Resolution' and its status has now been changed to either 'Removed' or 'Wontfix'. It appears you are the assignee or have been watching this issue on SFNet. I wanted to make sure you were aware of this change." }, { "body": "The email is informing you that certain statuses, comments, and resolutions such as 'new', 'resolved', 'fixed', and additional comments (possibly considered invalid) have been removed from the specified message ID. The purpose of this rule was to perform this action. Since you are either the assignee for the bug or watching it, you are receiving this notification. This email is part of the sfnet email that is sponsored by Geek Heaven and is related to the spamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Subject: Caution Regarding bondedsendercom The email suggests that bondedsendercom may be a scam. The sender warns that the default score for bondedsendercertified domains is set, but they do not trust them and advise changing the default. They have been spammed by their customers and express concern about the lack of documentation on their website regarding complaints and financial penalties for unsolicited emails. They question whether bondedsendercom actually takes action against such behavior, as their contract seems to be with their customers rather than the recipients. The sender warns not to trust them and adds that the recipient is either the assignee of a bug or watching the assignee. This email was sponsored to the spamassassindevel mailing list on sfnet and geek heavenspamassassin." }, { "body": "Could you provide instances of spam labeled with 'rcvd_inbound_sender'? I have only received one such email, which came from Amazon.com. You are the assignee for this bug or are watching the assignee. This SFNet email is sponsored to the Geek Heavenspamassassin-dev mailing list." }, { "body": "You are receiving this mail as you are either the assignee for the bug or watching the assignee. The email is regarding enhancements to SpamAssassin based on complaints about Allimage or Mostlyimage spam that's getting by SA. I have come up with three sets of rules that analyze the use of img tags in an HTML message. One rule looks at the total area of all images in the message (htmlImageArea). Another rule looks at the total number of images in the message (htmlNumImgs), and the third one looks at the longest total run of consecutive images (htmlConsecImg). The total area of all images is easy to calculate if an img tag has both width and height properties, as the running total will be increased by their multiplied product. Messages are ranked based on this score, with all messages labeled as spam if a majority of rules have a high number of img tags. This seems to do well because in my non-spam corpus, there are only a handful of messages with img runs larger than two. I am planning to see if there are any meta rules that can reduce the false positive rate for low scoring rules." }, { "body": "Your email is rephrased as follows: The additional comments look good, but do note that most image-only spam actually contains a few words at the top or a disclaimer at the end. The typical image spam that manages to bypass our filters usually consists of one large image followed by a bit more text. You are receiving this mail as you have been assigned for the bug or are watching its progress. This SFNet email is sponsored by Geek Heavenspamassassindevel mailing list." }, { "body": "I have proposed a modification to the current 'fromendsinnums' enhancement rules in SpamAssassin. As of now, any user name ending with two or more digits triggers these rules. However, I suggest we separate these rules based on the number of trailing digits, so that rules with different ratios can receive different scores. I have created test rules for from names ending with two, three, four, five, and six or more digits, as well as one for single digits for completeness. Please note that I get poor SOs for 'fromendsinnums' due to my corpus being primarily composed of Yahoo group traffic which seems to contain users who often append numbers at the end of their names. For reference, here are the normal stats for 'fromendsinnums' and my adjusted stats. You are receiving this mail as you are the assignee for the bug or are watching its progress. This SFNET email is sponsored by Geek Heaven SpamAssassin Devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel and Justin, I believe rsync is crucial as it's highly efficient in terms of bandwidth. It also allows for the selection of specific files similar to wget. Bandwidth is a significant concern for some of us Europeans involved in this project compared to your team. In my opinion, rsync is by far the most efficient and scriptable way to handle such tasks these days. If we can automate rsync submissions with good authentication, it should be fine. However, I need to point out that the current rsync method is not fully authenticated. I suggest we use rsync in conjunction with SSH and SSH keys for secure access. Since we already use the hughesfamilyorg server for rsyncing, I propose we submit the data in a separate subdirectory. I'll also look into setting up a nightly hit frequencies collation system. Let me know if there are any concerns." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears that there's an issue with your FreeBSD stable setup, specifically with SpamAssassin. The command 'rterpm line used to work until the upgrade, but now using spamd with the 'h' switch seems to be necessary as piping the message directly to SpamAssassin from within your mail user agent (VM under Emacs) is causing an error ('no such file or directory' and 'reporting requires authentication'). Please try registering for Razor, either through 'razorregister' or 'razoradmin register'. If my recall is correct, this should resolve the issue. Best Regards," }, { "body": "In Emacs rmail, there are various techniques to sort your favorite correspondents from the mix. Here are a few methods: 1. Creating custom groups and directing messages from specific senders to these groups. 2. Using filters based on subject lines or headers to automatically sort messages. 3. Utilizing tags for quick access to important emails. Please note that hundreds of spam commercials can still be found in your inbox as a filter for the campus computer system only applies to subject lines and headers on many of these spam commercials. For better handling of spam, consider subscribing to the SpamAssassin talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello Kenneth Nerhood, I've been experiencing some peculiar issues with an AWL I recently installed. After setting up a fresh system and running multiple test spams through it from the same user, all messages should have scored over the AWL, but it kept adjusting them downwards. By about message number 10, I had a negative score. This is contrary to what's intended as per SpamAssassin. The idea is that legitimate senders who consistently score high will eventually be freed from 'AWL hell' after messages. Please note that running a single spam through SpamAssassin at T will eventually whitelist the spammer, which is why the manual states not to do it. This is a discussion for the spamassassin-talk mailing list on SFNet, sponsored by Geek Heaven." }, { "body": "I'm unsure of your location, but there seems to be an event happening tonight at the DNA Lounge in San Francisco. The Electronic Frontier Foundation is hosting a benefit party and special guests, including Wil Wheaton and Wesley Crusher from Star Trek: TNG, will be in attendance (and perhaps in an unusual encounter with Barney the Dinosaur). If you're free, feel invited to drop by. This email is sponsored by OSDN - if you're tired of your current cell phone, consider upgrading for free. Be wary of unwanted spam or intrusive mailing lists." }, { "body": "Dear Team, On Thursday at 8 AM, Justin Mason plans to determine the freqs tonight. I suggest dropping tests that are not essential and waiting for your comments. Tomorrow, drop tests that are ignored by everyone. This step is unnecessary unless you've made significant changes to the scripts. It appears that the 'logsto' script has been altered and the part allowing us to specify immutable test scores at the top seems to be removed. I took a cursory look through the code, but couldn't fully understand how it has changed. We would like to be able to set immutable test scores somewhere in there or is that now handled by the 'tflags' stuff for the last couple of releases. Any test which occurred infrequently according to my subjective criteria will have immutable scores, as well as a few other rules. The ga will kick off shortly. However, I will be away this weekend at Linuxbierwanderung, so Craig might have to run the ga. This shouldn't be a problem assuming I can get the darned thing to compile." }, { "body": "The changes you suggested for the SpamAssassin bug have been understood. The best solution, as per your recommendation, will be to copy the modified rules from 'blib' and install them during build time instead of installation time. This modification will ensure that the rules files are altered before the build process rather than after. As you are the assignee for this bug or are watching the assignee, or are on the CC list for this bug or are watching someone who is, you are receiving this email. This message is sent as part of the sfnet email, which is sponsored by Geek Heavenspamassassin-devel mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Steve Thomas, I have set up a honeypot user and configured an alias for it, along with a hidden link of the same background color at the bottom of my HTML pages. I have also created a procmailrc file for this user that submits the messages to Razor and saves them locally. This setup has been in place for about a month now, but so far I have only encountered some Sircam viruses on it. The viruses are rejected at the MTA level, which means they aren't being saved or reported to Razor. I would now suggest using a user with a procmailrc instead of a system alias for a more secure and easier way to filter out junk like bounces, viruses, etc. that can make the corpus dirty. This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM, build it in SpamAssassin Talk Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Bob, It appears that your daily logwatch reports have been classified as spam by SpamAssassin. A recent report generated the following message: 'fixed in CVS (I think) or at least my logwatches get through fine'. If this issue is not resolved in CVS, please submit a bug using Bugzilla and attach a sample mail message with all headers intact as an attachment for further analysis. If this problem is not related to the current state of the CVS, then it should be reported. Jabber - the fastest growing real-time communications platform worldwide - encourages you to discuss this in the SpamAssassin talk mailing list. Best, " }, { "body": "I understand your concerns about the issue with spamassassin and the 'spec' requirement. It seems it is causing problems due to its incompatibility with Perl, which you are still using due to reported issues with newer versions. As there appears to be a significant amount of legacy Perl code, you anticipate filing a bug report soon to address these compatibility problems. Additionally, spamassassin did not mention the need for a newer version in your initial examination. Regarding the cell phone, if you're tired of the same old one, there is an offer for a free upgrade available here: . This unrelated topic might be more suitable for a separate discussion forum, but since you are assigned to this bug or watching its progression, I thought it relevant to include in this email." }, { "body": "Your message was not delivered as it contained text that may be considered banned or potentially offensive. The sender of this email, in exchange for a license for the Habeas warrant mark, warrants that this is a Habeas compliant message and not spam. If you encounter the use of this mark in spam, please report it. However, there appears to be an issue with SpamAssassin on your server, as it is spewing errors like never seen before. To resolve this issue, I recommend deleting the contents of '/usr/local/share/spamassassin' and reinstalling SpamAssassin. Some files may be new, so they won't be overwritten when you downgrade." }, { "body": "Hi David, have you looked at and discussed this article and its approach? If so, I'd recommend checking out the Perl module 'bayesian' on CPAN and the subsequent discussion thread on sfnet email (sponsored by OSDN). I've noticed you mentioned being tired of the same old cell phone. You might want to consider getting a new one for free. Here's the link for the SpamAssassin development mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Craig Hughes, I've rephrased your email as follows: Craig Hughes, All headers have been preserved. Some addresses have been obscured and certain hostnames have been replaced with spamassassin.taintorg, which (to the best of my knowledge) should have a valid MX record. If I recall correctly, in most cases the headers appear as they were initially received. Craig, you mentioned something about spamassassin.taintorg. Well, that's probably just as well anyway. This SFNet email is sponsored by Geek Heaven and is part of the spamassassin-talk mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, I'm writing to inform you that I would appreciate if this message could be shared with other potential parties. However, there are a few caveats: 1. The results of these distributed tests may not be reliable when running over a public corpus, as they could potentially be falsely or incorrectly reported to various entities such as Razor DCC Pyzor, etc., certain RBLs. Consequently, I do not trust the results in any way, shape, or form. 2. These messages could also be submitted multiple times to projects like SpamAssassin that rely on filtering results for GA tuning and development. Spammers might adopt elements of good messages to confuse filters. This issue could be alleviated somewhat by adding a nilsimsasignature or similar to the masscheck file, or by giving each message file a unique name. 3. The third problem does not concern me significantly. These problems, and perhaps others I have not identified, seem to be unique to spam filtering compression corpora. Other performance-related corpora have their own set of issues. In essence, I don't believe there is a replacement for having multiple independent corpora. Finding better ways to distribute testing and collate results seems like a more viable long-term solution. I'm glad we are working on exactly that for SpamAssassin. If you are going to focus on filter development, building a corpus of messages (half spam, half non-spam) is not too much work if you don't get enough spam. Creating multiple techniques for spam traps (web, Usenet), replying to spam, and receiving thousands of non-spam every week are straightforward tasks. Best regards," }, { "body": "I would rephrase the email as follows: The emails being sent could potentially be mislabeled or incorrectly reported to Razor DCC, Pyzor, etc., certain RBLs. I do not believe that the results from these distributed tests can be trusted in any way, shape, or form when run on a public corpus. It is noted that these same emails could also be resubmitted multiple times to projects like SpamAssassin, which rely on filtering results for GA tuning and development. This issue may be somewhat alleviated by adding a nilsimsa signature or similar to the masscheck file, using unique names for each message file, or rewriting the message IDs to help distinguish them. It is also suggested that altering the message IDs may assist in this. Spammers might adopt elements of good messages to evade filters, and there will always be advancements in technology by both spammers and non-spammers. The second and third problems do not concern me much, but I believe that these issues, among others that have not been identified, are unique to spam filtering compressed corpora. Other performance-related corpora have their own set of problems. In other words, I do not think there is a replacement for having multiple independent corpora. Finding better ways to distribute testing and collate results seems like a more viable long-term solution. I am glad we are working on exactly that for SpamAssassin. If you're seriously involved in filter development, building a corpus of messages (half spam, half non-spam) is not too much work if you don't receive enough spam. Gathering multi-technique spamtraps, web, usenet, and replying to spam is quite easy, and who doesn't get thousands of non-spam every week? The primary reason I released this was to offer a substantial corpus for academic testing of filter systems. This enables comparison between filters using a known corpus for SpamAssassin development. Everyone must maintain their own corpus." }, { "body": "Subject: Razor Users Digest - Vol. msgs (Razor Users with Sendmail Fri Aug Rose) If you did not add it when compiling, there are two ways to check if your sendmail has Milter support: 1. Another way would be to grep your sendmailcf for the word 'milter'. 2. If your sendmail has been compiled with milter support, you can easily run 'smrazor'. We've been using it for a while without others on the list mentioning it as well. Is there an easy way to tell if Milter is compiled in? To see all the options compiled into and the version of sendmail, try the following: echo $PATH_TO_SENDMAIL | grep sven This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of your same old cell phone? Get a new one for free here: (razorusers.sf.net) Regards, Bobby Julian Bond" }, { "body": "Dear Paul, Your Sendmail has been compiled with Milter support, and it's suggested that you can easily add smrazor to it. Many on the list have been using it without issues, and it's also been mentioned by others. However, there is a concern that forking a Perl interpreter for every incoming mail could potentially make your mailer vulnerable to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack. The question raised is whether there's a way to run smrazor without this overhead. Ideally, a smrazor you could communicate with over a Unix socket would be beneficial until such a solution can be found. Currently, I cannot allocate resources to run smrazor at all. Regarding the email sponsorship, the sfnet email is sponsored by OSDN. If you're tired of the same old cell phone, consider upgrading to a new one. For those interested in smrazor, there's a mailing list specifically for its users: freerazorusers." }, { "body": "Hello, I have written a Python script to use Razor with qmail. The script is complete but I want to test its output with some positive spam emails. Do you know where I can find such emails? I apologize for my poor English." }, { "body": "Also, I noticed that you have been sponsored by OSBN and tired of the same old cell phone. You might want to check out the Razor Users mailing list for a new option." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm having trouble with my script when I run it manually in the console, everything works fine for me. However, when I try to integrate it into my general filter script running with qmailq uid, I encounter an exit status error and a log entry in my mail log: 'Can't call method log on unblessed reference at line'. My log file is located at homeuser/razor/razoragent/log and has write permission for the qmailq user. Any ideas? It seems like the email is scanned by the Procmail filter. Regarding your sponsored email, if you're tired of your old cell phone, check out our new offers for free Razor users mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Joe Berry, It appears that you are experiencing issues with your FreeBSD server, where you suspect it might be either a Razor problem or a Sendmail issue. The server supports your wife's website and various other services such as Apache Server, Jabber, etc. The machine occasionally becomes slow due to a surge of emails following an outage in your DSL-based ISP. You mentioned that you had no arguments associated with the call to razorcheck in your etc/procmailrc file, which led you to add home/etc/razor as an argument. Since then, you have not encountered any downtime, so it is unclear if this change has improved Razor processing speed. However, your main concern seems to be the slowdown caused by a backlog of email processing leading to multiple Sendmail processes. You have inquired about possible ways to limit the number of Sendmail processes or any ideas that could help resolve this issue. Any suggestions would be welcome. Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Joe Berry, I have rephrased your email to better convey its content. Here's the revised version: Subject: Limiting Concurrent Sendmail Processes on Your Server Hi Joe, I noticed that you're experiencing issues with multiple concurrent Sendmail processes affecting your server's performance, especially after a reconnection to the internet following an ISP outage. You mentioned that you have switched to using Qmail but found some settings in your etcsendmailcf file that might be relevant. However, I couldn't help but notice that you are still running Sendmail processes, despite your transition to Qmail. You also shared a possible solution of adding 'home etcrazor' as an argument to your etcprocmailrc file, which seems to have alleviated the issue thus far. Unfortunately, you haven't been able to confirm if this change has significantly sped up your Razor processing. I understand that this issue might not necessarily be a Sendmail or Razor problem but I thought it would be beneficial to share this information with the rest of the community. If anyone else has encountered similar issues, we'd love to hear your thoughts on potential solutions. Regards, " }, { "body": "Thank you Joe Berry for your valuable advice. One more problem solved! In dealing with some software issues, we had to work around them by employing tricks in another software. The solution appears to be an aggregator. Regarding the SFNet email, it's sponsored by OSDN and we're tired of the same old cell phone. If you're a RazorUsers mailing list member, consider upgrading to a new one for free." }, { "body": "The following Razor debugging sequence indicates that my email is being processed from bytes to bytes after the preproc phase. This results in an exit code which is not as expected. I have included the sequence below for your reference. No 'razoragentconf' was found, so defaults were used instead. Bootup logging initiated to stdout. The Razor home configuration was identified. The Razor identity was determined. The Razor agents are starting. A check was performed on the home directory. It was determined that I am using a Linux operating system (qmailmkeecom.mon.nov). The mail was read straight from the input. Preprocessing of the mail was done. The whitelist file for Razor was skipped. Items were read from the servers discovery, nomination and cataloguelist files. Defaults were assigned to honorcloudmark.com, truthcloudmark.com, firecloudmark.com and aptcloudmark.com. Items were also read from the server configuration files for truthcloudmark.com and firecloudmark.com. The mail was checked seconds before the closest server was discovered. truthcloudmark.com was found to be a catalogue server. The server was computed. The mail was skipped in the check as no queries or spam were detected. The connection to the server truthcloudmark.com was established and terminated afterwards. A check by Razor finished successfully. The Qmail invoked from the network. The 'HELO' command was received by an unknown host with SMPT. The Lyris web interface was accessed at a later point. A new freeware download for Diskeeper, a product manager executive software, was available. The mail was found to be a new freeware download for Diskeeper Lite, which includes the same advanced defragmentation technology used in Diskeeper. It is faster than previous versions and runs on all Windows operating systems from Windows NT onwards. The new Diskeeper Lite is manual-only and cannot be scheduled or run across a network. However, it is far superior to any built-in defragmenter and much faster. A full version of Diskeeper is available for purchase. We periodically send new product information electronically to those individuals who voluntarily provide us their email address. If you wish to remove yourself from this list, please do not reply to this email. To unsubscribe, send the email address listed below, along with your name on a separate line, to Executive Software International Inc. All rights reserved. Diskeeper, Executive Software and the Executive Software logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Executive Software International Inc. in the United States and other countries. Windows and Windows NT are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and other countries. All other trademarks and brand names are the property of the respective owners. This email is sponsored by sfnet and a free here for a new RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Jay, I hope this message finds you well. Regarding your inquiry about our previous considerations regarding OCR and forms scanning solutions, I believe Razor may have mistakenly assumed that we were currently grappling with this decision. To answer your questions: Yes, it's correct that we had initially considered implementing OCR technology to cut down data entry costs and enhance efficiency. The primary motivator for us was the potential to streamline our processes and improve productivity. As for the specific software we went with, I regret to inform you that I don't have the details readily available as it was a decision made by our tech team some time ago. However, if you are still in the research phase, I encourage you to explore various options, including the one we chose, and find what best suits your needs. Should you wish to stay informed about our final decision and its impact on our company, please feel free to keep in touch. If my team is not the right point of contact for this matter, I will forward your email to the appropriate individual within our company. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Hello, Did any of you hear about a Razor plugin for Mozilla's plugin system that would allow users to report an email as spam directly on the server? This would be under the administration of Arnaud Arnaud Ablard, Administrateur RSEQS et Systèmes at the Faculté de Sciences de l'Université de Nantes (SFNET). This SFNet email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of your old cell phone? Upgrade to a new one! Check it out for free here: " }, { "body": "Hello RazorUsers, Did any of you hear about a potential Razor plugin for Mozilla? This plugin would supposedly add a 'Report as Spam' button for users to report an email as spam on the server. Arnaud Abelard, Administrateur Réseaux et Systèmes at the Irin Faculty of Sciences, University of Nantes mentioned it in an SFNet email sponsored by OSDN. In addition, we have a sponsor offer: tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one for free with this SFNet email sponsored by OSDN! For more details, subscribe to the RazorUsers mailing list. " }, { "body": "We regret to inform you that revoking self-submitted content from our network, which may have been inadvertently blocked by you, results in the permanent deletion of said content. As a reminder, our network is focused on distributing content that users do not wish to receive, much less have intellectual property rights associated with it. To avoid any misuse or unintentional infringement, we advise you to carefully read the End User License Agreement (EULA) before submitting anything to Razor. Please be aware that according to the EULA, there is no allowance for commercial use and anything submitted becomes entirely their intellectual property. If you wish to retain intellectual property rights on any content, we strongly advise against accidentally hitting this 'submit' button as it would be considered spam. This email is sponsored by OSDN. For free Razor user offers, please visit our mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel Higgins, I was indeed serious about my admiration for the HTML graph you created. Unfortunately, I'm not proficient with Perl to replicate it myself. However, your custom Perl-based spam blocking framework seems quite impressive. The use of plugins for spam detection and maintaining stats in a MySQL database is intriguing. Regarding the Razor effectiveness stats you shared, I was wondering if there have been any false positives yet? I'm currently in the process of creating my own corpora for testing purposes. I'll share my findings with you after I've conducted some tests of my own. P.S. Apologies for the HTML formatting in the original message. For those still using non-GUI clients, I understand it might not be convenient to read it as text. The spam count refers to the total number of spam messages detected by various filters. 'Jammed' is a custom phrase ranking system, 'Razor'd' is the Razor Bayesian filter based on Paul Graham's work using statistical probability, and 'Blacklisted', 'Trollbox', and 'Bayesian' are categories of filtered messages. The SFNET email sponsorships were included in the message you sent. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear List, I have been working on porting code to run under Perl on Windows. The modifications needed are relatively minor and can be made to ensure compatibility with the existing code. My question is: how best can I get these changes merged into the main repository? Additionally, would there be interest in a Perl version of the current codebase, and if so, how can I go about getting those changes accepted? Regards, " }, { "body": "I found a script called 'rotate' for rotating log files, which can simplify the process. I believe it originated from my hosting provider PairCom, as they have it installed. Redistribution appears to be allowed. If you are looking for an official source or more information about this script, you might be better off asking on the spamassassin-talk list. I posted a solution for a similar problem and how to overcome it in spamassassin on the spamassassin-talk list. Good luck! David Rees For those concerned with managing Razor agent log files that keep growing, it is possible to configure Razor log via syslog to make it easy to rotate logs. However, I could not find information about this in the man pages. If I don't find a solution elsewhere, I will have to write a script to periodically go through each user's home directory looking for Razor agent log files to rotate. This email is sponsored by osdn, tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one here for free (razorusers mailing list)." }, { "body": "Dear User, I have rephrased your email for better understanding and clarity: On Thursday, September at Leland Woodbury, I came across a useful Perl script called 'rotate' which simplifies the process of rotating log files significantly. I could not find an official source for this script, but my hosting provider PairCom has it installed, and it seems that redistribution is allowed. Therefore, I have attached it to this email. Additionally, I noticed that the standard logrotate tools included with many systems or at least Red Hat systems support wildcards when rotating files. So, specifying a pattern like 'home/razor/razoragentlog' can be used. Also, it appears that the SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN, and if you are tired of the same old cell phone, you might want to check out the 'Free Razor Users' mailing list for a new one. Hope this information helps! Best regards," }, { "body": "You might find a solution to your Razor concern more quickly on the spamassassintalk list. The community there is likely to have an answer for this issue. I provided a comprehensive response about the SpamAssassin Razor interaction and how to overcome it on the spamassassintalk list. Thank you for the post, as it answered all my questions regarding SpamAssassin Razor. However, if you're worried about your server filling up with Razor agent log files that keep growing, it might be possible to configure Razor log via syslog to make rotating logs easier. Unfortunately, I couldn't find any relevant information in the man pages. If a script needs to be written to periodically go through each user's home directory looking for Razoragent log files to rotate, that will be necessary. Best regards, Dave P.S. This email is sponsored by sfnet, tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one here for free: razorusers mailing list" }, { "body": "You were exactly the person I had in mind to address this issue on Thursday, September. Here's a suggestion: it might be better to ask this question on the spamassassintalk list. The community there is likely to have an answer for this problem and they have already provided a fairly lengthy, complete response to this problem and how to get around it in the sa forum. As for the unrelated topic, here's an opportunity for you: tired of that same old cell phone? Get a new one for free from the razorusers mailing list. This is not sponsored by sfnet or OSDN." }, { "body": "If that's the case, could someone please direct me to a resource that explains how to uninstall it from my system? I don't see the point in invoking it, especially when it seems to error out on me while trying to load 'permission denied at line: leaving helperapp run'. It appears you might want to check that path first, of course. Randomly generated a 'chicken finger device', Theo. For information about PGP/GNUPG, see the end PGP signature. This SFNET email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of the same old cell phone? Get a new one here." }, { "body": "It appears that there is an issue with the write privileges for the 'razoragentlog' file. Setting group and owner to read and execute will not solve a write problem as insufficient write permissions have been encountered. A quick workaround would be to use the 'chmod g+w' command on the file. However, it is better to restrict access as much as possible in agentpm when creating an object. If the object does not have write permission to the log file, it will not succeed and later in the code, it will fail with an 'unblessed error'. This problem seems to occur with Razor, but I'm unsure if it's related to SpamAssassin as well. Since this is my first time running Razor and have also installed SpamAssassin, I am seeing the following messages: 'cant call method log on unblessed reference at line line'. Any ideas? Razor seems to run correctly over the command line. I will investigate further and get back to you." }, { "body": "Dear Mike Burger, You might find it more beneficial to post your question on the SpamAssassin-talk list. The members there are likely to have an answer for this issue. I've provided a detailed response to this problem and how to bypass it in SpamAssassin on the SpamAssassin-talk list. It appears that your randomly generated judgment stems from bad experiences, which often results from poor judgement. For more information about PGP/GNUPG, please refer to wyzrend's PGP signature. This email is sponsored by OSDN. Are you tired of the same old cell phone? Upgrade to a new one here for free. Regards, P.S: For more information on RazorUsers, please refer to the mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Eugene, Thank you for your assistance in resolving the issue. It appears that the problem was due to an insecure dependency in open while running setuid at line 'line' from 'thu sep'. It seems like you are running the script via Procmail. The permissions on Procmail should be set correctly to avoid such issues. When Procmail is setuid or setgid, the permissions should ideally be 755 (rwxr-xr-x). If this is indeed the problem, an easy solution would be to add 'dropprivs yes' in the Procmailrc. I hope this helps and resolves the issue. Let me know if you have any other concerns. Best, Theo van Dinter" }, { "body": "Dear Michael Duff and David Rees, I'm writing to inform you that I've encountered an issue while running Razor for the first time. The problem seems to be related to insufficient write privileges on the razoragentlog file. A temporary solution is to use 'chmod g+rx' command on this file. However, it would be best to set appropriate access restrictions within AgentPM when creating the object to prevent such issues in the future. If the object doesn't have write permission to the log file, the operation does not succeed and later in the code, when the log object is used, it fails with an 'unblessed error'. I believe this problem might be related to Razor since it occurs with a freshly installed SpamAssassin and Razor. I'm seeing these messages: 'cant call method log on unblessed reference at line line'. Razor appears to run correctly over the command line. I also run SpamAssassin and would like to integrate the two, but I'm not sure if this issue is related to SpamAssassin or Razor. Any ideas are appreciated. Thanks, Dave Note: This email is sponsored by OSDN. Tired of your old cell phone? Get a new one for free at (http://razorusers.mailinglist.com/)." }, { "body": "Hello all, I'm having trouble with a sitewide installation and was wondering if anyone has been successful in doing so. Here is an extract from my procmaillog: 'check bad file descriptor dependency in open while running setuid at line... from Thu Sep spam computer maintenance homeeugenecaughtspam in razoragentlog'. I simply get the bootup message and that's it. Sep logging initiated, please help! Thanks, Eugene" }, { "body": "It appears you have an issue with a bad file descriptor, insecure dependency, and an open while running setuid at m line in your current process. This seems to be happening when Procmail is being used, as suggested by the 'caughtspam' in your email address. I would recommend checking the permissions on Procmail, especially if it is setuid or setgid. In such cases, the permissions should ideally be 755 (rwxr-xr-x) to avoid potential taint mode issues. If this issue persists and Procmail is indeed the culprit, a simple solution would be to modify your procmailrc file by adding a randomly generated string at the beginning of your first line of code, as a workaround. Additionally, it seems there was an incident involving a VW bus that may have affected the application you're using. Regarding the PGPSignature, here are more details: gnupg gnulinux for info see end pgp signature." }, { "body": "Dear Josh Hildebrand, I apologize for any confusion I may have caused with my earlier message. To clarify, I was referring to the dccproc feature in your spam filtering software. It seems that this component is outdated and should be replaced with a newer version or possibly removed from the system entirely. If that's accurate, could you please guide me on how to remove it? Regarding the issue with 'helperapp run razor agents protocol version seconds before closest server agent terminated', I believe there was an error related to permission denied at line leaving helperapp run mode. This appears to have occurred when trying to load a permission. Thank you for your assistance, and I appreciate the sponsorship of this SFNet email by OSDN. Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear User, It seems you are experiencing an issue with Razor and SpamAssassin. Given that it's unclear whether the problem lies with SpamAssassin or Razor, I would recommend posting your question on the spamassassintalk list. The community there is likely to have a solution for this issue by Thursday, September . Since this is your first time using Razor and you also run SpamAssassin, you might want to integrate the two applications. However, before doing so, please ensure that the problem you're encountering is not specific to one of these tools. Regarding the error message 'cant call method log on unblessed reference at line ', it appears Razor is unable to access or use a method due to a lack of blessing. This issue might be resolved by properly blessing the necessary objects before using them in your code. Lastly, I noticed that your email contains sponsored messages from osdn and razorusers mailing list. These messages are common in free software communities. Best regards, " }, { "body": "You may find an answer to your question more quickly on the spamassassintalk list as the members there are likely knowledgeable about this topic. I have just posted a similar message there. In case you didn't know, this sfnet email is sponsored by OSDN and is part of the razorusers mailing list. If you are tired of receiving the same old cell phone offers, consider getting a new one here for free." }, { "body": "Hello Dave, Thank you for reaching out regarding your issue with Razor and SpamAssassin. It seems you've encountered an error with the 'log' method within Razor, possibly due to a file or method not being found. Here are a few suggestions: 1. Ensure that all necessary files are present in the correct locations. 2. Check if there are any permissions issues preventing Razor from accessing these files. 3. Verify that Razor is properly installed and functioning correctly when run independently. If you've already checked these points and are still experiencing issues, I would recommend checking the logs for both SpamAssassin and Razor to see if any additional details about the error can be found. If the problem persists, please provide more specific details about your setup so that a more tailored solution can be provided. Best regards, " }, { "body": "The recommended action to your FAQ would be 'c' (all of the above) if you want to correct the permissions on procmail. You mentioned that you have done 'b' (add dropprivsyes to etcprocmailrc), and things seem to be working for now, but it is advisable to also change the permissions of procmail as suggested ('a' - chmod usrbinprocmail) to ensure security. Eugene Chiu provided this solution in response to your question on behalf of Theo van Dinter on September ." }, { "body": "I have reviewed your email. It appears that you have set up Razor and SpamAssassin, but are encountering an error about a 'no such file or directory' issue in your mail log file. From the information you provided, it seems like there might be a problem with calling the 'log' method on an unblessed reference at a specific line. You have mentioned that you have gone through the archived list and found a possible permission problem on the log file. You followed the suggestions in the archives by changing the permissions on the file, but the issue persists. Any other assistance would be appreciated, as it seems like there might be something else you missed or forgot to do. By the way, it looks like your email is sponsored by OSDN and you seem frustrated with the same old cell phone. I noticed that you mentioned a RazorUsers mailing list for users of razor phones. Perhaps, you would be interested in getting a new phone here as part of a promotion offered at this link." }, { "body": "Hello, I have reviewed your email and understand that you have set up Razor and SpamAssassin, but you are encountering an error related to a log file. The error message suggests a 'no such file or directory' issue and a possible permission problem on the log file. However, I couldn't find any relevant information about this error in the archived list. It seems this issue might be more common among SpamAssassin users, so I would recommend checking the spamassassinusers list for potential solutions. As you mentioned, you have already updated the spamd startup flags using the latest version of SpamAssassin. Regarding your cell phone, if you are tired of the current one and interested in a free upgrade, please check out the razorusers mailing list. They offer new phones at no extra cost. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear David Rees, I have set up Razor and SpamAssassin, but I keep encountering an error in my mail log file with the message 'cant call method log on unblessed reference at line'. After searching through the archived list, I haven't found a solution for this error. It seems that it might be a permission problem on the log file. However, I couldn't find any relevant information here. It appears that this issue is discussed on the spamassassinusers list, which I have recently asked last week. My suggestion would be to add 'h' to the spamd startup flags using the latest version of SpamAssassin. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "It appears you're encountering a permissions issue with the Razor log file used by SpamAssassin. The log file needs to be made world-writable. I suggest checking if the necessary changes have been made correctly and verifying the file ownership and permissions. If the problem persists, it might be helpful to ensure that the Razor and SpamAssassin services are properly set up and running. You may also want to verify that the log file path specified in your configuration is correct. Please let me know if you need further assistance." }, { "body": "Hello Team, I understand that the question regarding a user's trust rating has been frequently asked, but I haven't found a recent answer. Are there any updates on when this feature will be available? I'm particularly interested in knowing the plans for it - will it be integrated into the client (web-based or email), and if so, would it possibly be delivered nightly? If you could share your thoughts on this topic, I would greatly appreciate it. Regarding the sponsorship message in this SFNET email, sponsored by OSDN, I'm growing tired of the same old cell phone advertisement. Perhaps a new phone model or a different offer for Razor users mailing list could be considered." }, { "body": "It appears that the bug tracker on SF is not heavily utilized. Are there alternative platforms for reporting bugs in this community? Also, I recently came across an offer for a new cell phone; if anyone has recommendations for a better one or knows where to find deals, please share! Oh, and just a reminder: I've been considering switching from this old sponsored OSDN email. Have you heard of any good alternatives for the Razorusers mailing list?" }, { "body": "Dear User, I understand you're having trouble with your spamdspamcrazordcc setup, specifically with Razor logs showing 'not known spam'. To ensure that your Razor installation is functioning correctly, you can perform a test. Here's a brief hint: You can send an email to a specific address (usually provided in the documentation) for Razor to analyze. If the analyzed email is marked as spam, it indicates that Razor is working properly. I recommend checking the official documentation or user guide for detailed instructions on how to perform this test. If you need further assistance, feel free to ask. Also, I noticed you mentioned 'sfnet email is sponsored osdn' and 'tired of that same old cell phone'. Here are some resources for Razor users mailing list and a link for a new, more affordable cellphone. Enjoy exploring! Best regards, Support Team" }, { "body": "Dear David Raistrick, I have reviewed your email regarding the Razor check on samplespamtxt from SpamAssassin. After upgrading to RazorAgents yesterday, you mentioned that you're not seeing any positives from Razor including the samplespamtxts from SpamAssassin. Here are a few suggestions: 1. Ensure that your RazorAgentConf file is correctly configured. 2. Check if there are any issues with the rootrazor or razorhome directories. 3. Make sure you have enabled logging in your Razor setup. I hope these suggestions help! Let me know if you encounter any further issues. Best, " }, { "body": "Regarding our previous topic, I'd like to address a personal matter that has been delayed due to it being caught in a server-wide spam filter. Here is the revised email: 'Subject: Personal Update Hey Dad, Just flagging this as it seems unrelated, but I have an update on my schedule. I'll be staying after school today so I can work on the school newspaper layout. Nords will pick me up later than usual. I'm not sure how to explain this, but I'll let you know when I'm coming home. Oh, and by the way, I won't be able to sign in today as I'll be preoccupied with the school newspaper work. Best regards, P.S. This email is brought to you by SFNET - Welcome to Geek Heaven, RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I'm forwarding all my spam emails today and calling any numbers I can find, to inform everyone who spammed me today that they should expect an increase in their business costs. I suggest you do the same, as this could tie up their phone lines and cost them a significant amount of money, making it unprofitable for them to continue with spamming activities. It's also fun to imagine 'let the spammer die'! This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven, specifically tailored for RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "I have not received any update regarding this matter, so please excuse my repetition of the topic. It seems that bugs should be reported elsewhere than on the SF bug tracker. This SFnet email is associated with the Geek Heaven razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "It is possible to use Razor without filtering out empty emails as attachments alone don't necessarily indicate spam. However, it's important to note that an email with no content in the body may be considered spam if it only contains an attachment and no meaningful subject or content. If you want to send emails to yourself where the subject and body are empty for some reason, this is technically possible but could potentially be seen as spam if not handled correctly. Keep this in mind while using Razor." }, { "body": "Hello Vipul, It seems that you are using an older version of Razor as it does not filter out empty emails. If a mail has an attachment, it is still considered spam by Razor. However, if you would like to send emails where the subject and body contain all important information (and the body is empty for the rest), this behavior can be seen as spam. I suggest using a more recent version of Razor or modifying your email sending practices accordingly. Regarding your question about sending emails to yourself, with only important information in the subject and body being empty, it's not recommended to do so as it may raise concerns about potential spam. Thank you for your interest in Razor and Geek Heaven. Best regards, RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "After whitelisting all legitimate mailing lists, I encountered one false positive within the last four days. Razor tagged a message from an individual who used an ostrich-related image (possibly popular on the net). If my understanding is correct, LM refers to any single attachment in a message that is razored and if the whole message is razored due to it. I could not find documentation for 'razor' regarding this, but by default all my confiles in razor use LM. I am not maintaining an official count of false positives, however, I intend to develop an HTML interface for tracking them more effectively. This would allow me to provide the false positive rate per filter. I will begin working on it tomorrow and hope to have some statistics within a week. Comparing text classifiers (such as spam filters) without tracking false positive rates is not ideal, as 'cat devnull' can get a high hit rate but without the corresponding false positive rate figure, we wouldn't know if it was a good or bad thing." }, { "body": "In my experience, there are spam messages that slip past SpamAssassin but are detected by Razor. I'm suggesting that the collective judgment of Razor users provides better spam detection than a single program like SpamAssassin, hence, I can benefit from their judgment and enjoy more comprehensive spam filtering. I have observed instances where SpamAssassin does not mark the spam as high enough to reject it, but Razor does. If you haven't noticed, SpamAssassin scores are adjustable. If you want SpamAssassin to tag all messages listed in Razor, you can modify your spamassassinuserprefs file as follows: score razorcheck. The default score is and the default threshold needed is therefore. If you wish to have any Razor-listed messages tagged by SpamAssassin, setting a score for any Razor-listed messages above this would be sufficient. If you are already using SpamAssassin, this modification would be more efficient. Otherwise, you are running all of the mail through Razor twice, once for SpamAssassin and once again afterward. If you prefer to run Razor independently, set the score razorcheck so that SpamAssassin won't perform it and avoid the double network hit. However, one of the benefits of using SpamAssassin in combination with Razor has been the history of false positive reports in the Razor database. The current score is hefty but not enough on its own to mark as spam, but for real spam, it's usually enough to push it over the threshold. This helps address the false positive problem. However, this method is not yet as widely used as Bob application's PGP signature." }, { "body": "I recommend starting with a regular user once you're comfortable with Razor and understand its functioning. Once you're ready, tackle more complex tasks such as integration with the MTA and similar tasks. Regarding the command execution, it is not specified in this email whether it should be run as root or not. Thank you for your message to the Geek Heaven: RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Using Language Model (LM) is providing an extra advantage daily, but it's incorrectly marking emails as spam where it shouldn't. For instance, an email with a Word document and the IncrediMail advertisement signature below the Word document instructions was marked as spam by the LM. Upon examining the Word document directions to the sender's cabinet, I am convinced it misidentified the body that contains no next except the IncrediMail ad signature as spam. Consequently, I have to disable LM. Additionally, Razor has been encountering other unusual emails it shouldn't be receiving with LM on. The IncrediMail ad signature you are familiar with (e.g., 'Fox IncrediMail Email has finally evolved - Click here') is the one causing this issue. Furthermore, the sfnet email is sponsored by 'Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List'." }, { "body": "Dear Flavio Boniforti, To integrate Razor into your Postfix setup, it's recommended to use Procmail for delivery. If you have already set up Postfix to use Procmail instead of the internal delivery agent, then running it from Procmail should work fine. Regarding your question about interaction with Amavis or SpamAssassin, Razor can be used independently but it's often integrated with them for better spam filtering. If you have these tools set up in your Postfix environment, you might consider integrating Razor with them. Thank you for your query. Best regards, Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "Hi Sunil, In response to your email, here's a rephrased version: Sunil William Savkar wrote: Hi, I have recently installed and configured Maildrop with my virtual users. I am considering setting up Razor as a test for its filtering capabilities within Maildrop. While there is documentation available for Procmail integration, is there similar documentation for integrating Razor with Maildrop separately? As I understand your question, it seems that you are already using or planning to use SpamAssassin. You asked if there's still an advantage to using Razor if you are also using SpamAssassin. It is worth noting that while Razor can help filter spam, it might have false positives, and some users do not trust it solely due to this issue. However, it catches certain types of spam that SpamAssassin may miss. Therefore, you might still find it beneficial to use both together. Best regards, Jeffrey" }, { "body": "Hi Sunil, In response to your email, I would suggest starting with setting up Maildrop and SpamAssassin separately. Here's a basic guide for integrating Maildrop with Razor: 1. Install Razor and ensure it is functional. 2. Create a Maildrop recipe for handling Razor checks. Your recipe seems to be correct, but please note that you might need to adjust some parts depending on your Razor version and the integration with Maildrop. 3. Once you have Maildrop and Razor set up, you can start using SpamAssassin if needed. Regarding the documentation, while there is more information available for Procmail, there are resources for setting up Maildrop with Razor as well. You may find it helpful to look into those. If you're using SpamAssassin, integrating Razor could still provide additional filtering capabilities, especially for false positives that SpamAssassin might miss. However, do remember to whitelist all the newsletters you receive in SpamAssassin to avoid false positives. Hope this helps! Let me know if you have any further questions. Best, Jeffrey Quoting Sunil William Savkar:" }, { "body": "Upon receiving a spam email that appeared to forge the 'From' header with your own email address, you forwarded it to the database using RazorReport. Consequently, your email address is now listed in the Razor database. To get it removed, please follow these steps: 1. Contact the RazorReport support team and inform them about this issue. 2. Explain that this ploy of forging headers has occurred several times since then. 3. Suggest that they update their system to detect such occurrences and emit a warning when it happens. Note: This issue is related to the Razorusers mailing list, which is sponsored by sfnet email." }, { "body": "Vipul Ved Prakash, Here are some suggestions for addressing the issue in Razoragents. It would be beneficial if an unwritable log file error condition could be caught by Razor and handled gracefully by logging to syslog or devnull. As it stands, if the log file is unwritable, the Razor check falls over entirely due to the constructor returning undef, unblessed reference, and die error in Perl. This change would help avoid this issue." }, { "body": "It appears that you're encountering issues with server availability approximately half the time during the past few days, when using Razor. Could there be an issue with your installation requiring adjustments, or are the servers currently experiencing downtime due to overloading? Thank you for reaching out. Regards, Geek Heaven Razor User Support Team" }, { "body": "I have recently installed Razor on a FreeBSD box and am encountering issues with razorcheck. The problem persists whether or not arguments are used, and I get the following error: 'Use of an undefined value as a symbol reference' at line where razoradmin runs just fine. Previously, the make test before installation was successful. Has anyone experienced this issue before? The module sfnet email is sponsored to Geek Heaven, Razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi David Gastonguay, I recently installed Razor on a FreeBSD box and encountered issues with razorcheck. The error occurs regardless of whether arguments are used or not. It seems the issue might be due to an undefined value being used as a symbol reference at line . To troubleshoot, please try installing the latest Perl (at least through port on FreeBSD). Additionally, ensure your system is configured to use Perl from ports, for instance by running 'useperl' and reinstalling the necessary Perl modules required by Razor. After these steps, run razorcheck again. Best regards, Sven This email is sponsored. Welcome to Geek Heaven - Razorusers Mailing List" }, { "body": "I've noticed a decrease in checks and have conducted some tests. It appears that when I move 'Truth' to the top of my catalog list, I receive a positive check; however, if I move 'Fire' up the list, I no longer get a positive response. It seems as though it's not syncing correctly with Hubris, which is where my reports are being sent to Bobby (SFNET email). This message is being sponsored for the Geek Heaven: RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "It appears that you have set up procmailrc for a spamtrap, but you are encountering an error. Additionally, you are reporting to Pyzor and DCC, but they are not registering the error. It's unusual because it works intermittently. You also mentioned that you received a response from honorcloudmark.com stating that your email was accepted by their special case ENG server. However, there was an error reported by their ERR server regarding the SFNET email which is sponsored to Geek Heaven and RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I have recently implemented a new system using SUSE and have successfully run SPAMAssassin and Procmail. I attempted to set up Razor, but I'm having trouble installing the SDK. Razor reports missing modules, however, they seem to be present according to the installation instructions. It appears there is an endless list of errors. Do you have any suggestions on what to do or where to start? This email is sponsored by SFNet and directed to the Geek Heaven Razor Users mailing list." }, { "body": "The textplain quotedprintableerror occurs when the server is unable to recognize a signature in an email, and it requests the full content of the message. This is an optimization feature beyond that; however, I am unsure how to interpret this specific output. In your case, you've set up a Procmailrc for a spamtrap but are encountering an error. It appears that Pyzor and DCC are not registering any errors, which is unusual since the issue seems intermittent. The email works fine sometimes. It seems this is a special case with the ENG server accepting the report, but the server wants the entire mail content instead of just the report. The sfnet email you received is sponsored and welcomes you to 'geek heaven' RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Upon closer inspection of the log, you will find debug messages from the content reporting process. These occur when an error happens on Wednesday, October at Jordan Ritter's location. The error is triggered when a signature is reported, but the server is unaware of the signature, causing it to request the full content. This seems to be an optimization issue beyond which I am uncertain how to interpret. On the same day, Vipul encountered an issue at Rose Bobby's location with setting up procmailrc for a spamtrap. However, neither Pyzor nor DCC are registering this error, which is strange because it works occasionally. It appears that HonorCloudMark.com responded to the original email regarding a special case involving an ENG server accepting the report but wanting the mail instead. The ENG server seems to be encountering an error, desiring the mail from Vipul and Prakash. William Gibson's quote 'The future is here; it's just not evenly distributed yet' seems appropriate for the current state of software design artistry, widely distributed but not uniformly optimized or problem-free. This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven and intended for the RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Whit Blauvelt, I have been observing Razor reporting intermittently failing with various error messages. Reinitializing Razor might help in this case, however, it's not clear if Razor handles that automatically, or if you need to do it manually. This issue seems to be originating from the servers, so it could be a server-side problem. Since these reports are being generated within Mutt, it is quite annoying when the error messages slightly disrupt the X Window. If there's no immediate solution for the Razor failure, I was wondering if it's possible to turn off the failure messages at least. In addition, over the past few days, I have been experiencing 'No servers available' about half the time while using Razor. This issue may require adjustments in your installation or perhaps the servers are simply overloaded. Let me know if there is anything specific I can assist with regarding this matter. Best regards, The Geek Heaven Team" }, { "body": "Attempting to report an issue with Razor, as Hubris timeout occurs on a seemingly slower connection today. The error message received is 'error reading socket' and 'i then try to run razoradmin discover and receive the same error'. Today, there appear to be problems with the servers, as only one discovery server is available. This issue has been reported through the SFNet email sponsored for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear folks, this morning there have been several major internet outages affecting providers such as UUNET, Genuity, and others. Routes across the internet backbones have been vanishing, repopulating, and disappearing again, which has worsened several issues that we are currently addressing. We apologize for the inconvenience. Regarding Razor, I've been experiencing timeout issues on the connection, and it seems to have slowed down throughout the morning, resulting in the following error: 'razorreport error reading socket error reading socket'. Trying to run 'razoradmin discover' also yields the same error. It appears that only one discovery server (Sven) is operational today. This SFNET email is sponsored and welcomes you to geek heaven - razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear All, I am writing to inform you about the current issues with Uunet's North American backbone. The problems, initially concentrated on the east coast, have now spread nationwide and are affecting Uunet's network as a whole. Uunet is working with their hardware vendor to resolve this issue. However, as a result, a large number of Internap's connections to Uunet remain shutdown, and traffic is being routed over alternate providers. This widespread outage has caused a significant amount of congestion at many peering points with Uunet and other providers due to the large volume of traffic shifts. If you are experiencing problems reaching specific sites, please send an email containing a traceroute and source-destination IP addresses for investigation. We will attempt to move specific prefixes onto an alternate provider if that improves performance. Regards, Andrew Network Operations Center Internap Network Services" }, { "body": "This issue seems to be caused by insufficient write access to the 'razoragentlog' file. When using 'agentpm', you can temporarily solve this problem by executing 'chmod g+w razoragentlog'. This change grants write permissions to the group, allowing the logger object to create the logfile without checking its writability by the current user. However, if a write attempt is made later, it might still error out with an 'unblessed reference' due to access issues. I noticed some related log entries in your syslog after upgrading/downgrading razoragents, but the problem persists. Any ideas on why this might be happening? This email was sent through sfnet mailing list sponsored by geek heaven." }, { "body": "This email appears to be a personal correspondence between two individuals, sent as HTML if that's the case. The background of the email might have been included in a separate attachment named 'spamcmeclax'. This email is sponsored by SFNET and pertains to the RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Vipul Vipul Ved Prakash, I hope this message finds you well. Regarding your inquiry about the email sent on Thursday, August to CMECLAX POU LE CMeviu Keumri: - Yes, it was an HTML email. - If it had a background image, that part might have been blocked as spam by SpamRazorAgents for them to make a positive decision. However, please note that with the next release, this issue will be resolved so a background could potentially not have been a problem in this case. In light of this information, I kindly request you to send me the debug log if possible. Looking forward to your response. Best regards, This SFNet email is sponsored to Geek Heaven - RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "I have been testing Razor invoked from sendmailprocmail and so far it seems quite satisfactory. Last night's spam to the provided list served as a good test, both for the spam itself and several of the responses. Some of the messages were flagged as spam by other list members, who reported this morning. I piped the messages out from Pine, being careful to use the raw mode to Razor check d. None of the messages came back as spam even in the spam. Since folks revoked the false positives, I understand why they would not come up, but I am puzzled about the spam itself unless that was also revoked. Is this spam just a poor choice for testing against or is there some setting in Pine or Razor that I am missing? This SFNET email is sponsored to Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "I have rephrased your email for clarity and formatting. Here is the revised version: Dear Samuel Checker, I have been testing Razor from SendmailProcmail, and so far it appears to be functioning well. Last night's spam to the list provided an excellent test, both for the spam itself and several of the responses. Several members reported this morning that some messages were flagged as spam. I piped the messages out from Pine, being careful to use the raw mode to RazorCheck d none of the messages came back as spam, even the spam. I understand why the false positives would not come up, but I'm curious about the spam itself, unless it was also revoked. Is this spam just a bad one to test against or is there some setting in Pine or Razor that I may be missing? Are you using SpamAssassin on the input side? I recently changed my Sendmail installation and am looking for the proper way to pass it through the system before accepting and sending it to users. It's challenging to set up Procmail scripts for every user when their home directories are NFS mounted, and the source is on my own machine where I try new things and it's the only machine with sufficient drive space. Brian Fahrlnder - Linux Zealot, Conservative and Technomad Evansville - my ICQ ID has been an endless snake as of late since it's quite a long journey, but I think I've got it figured out now. Welcome to Geek Heaven - RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "I have been testing Razor, invoked from sendmail/procmail, and it appears to be working well. Last night's spam test to the list provided a good test of both the spam itself and several of the responses. As some list members reported, certain messages were flagged as spam. Are you using SpamAssassin on the input side? I recently changed my sendmail installation and am looking for the proper way to pass it through the system before accepting and sending it to users. It's somewhat problematic to set up procmail scripts for every user when the users' home directories are NFS mounted, and the source is on my own machine where I test new things. I have not used SpamAssassin, but I am only using Procmail to add an xheader and optionally modify the subject if Razorcheck comes back positive. This SFNET email is sponsored; welcome to Geek Heaven - Razorusers Mailing List." }, { "body": "I have been investigating a phone call our CIO at the ISP received from an individual claiming to represent Cloudmark. The essence of the conversation was that, since we are using Razor and checking our mail against the Razor servers, which contain information proprietary to Cloudmark, we will soon be required to pay for Cloudmark's SpamNet service on a yearly basis. I am seeking clarification as I am curious if anyone else has received such a call. My concern is whether this might be an attempt by a spammer to contact Razor users with the aim of getting them to stop using Razor, or if the open source aspect of the Razor project is shifting towards a more commercial approach like Brightmail and others." }, { "body": "Hello, I was inspired by a mode of operation supported by VMware, where a base disk image can be shared among multiple virtual machine (VM) instances. This base image is never altered by a VM instance; instead, each VM instance writes changes to its own redo log. Future hard disk reads from that VM instance incorporate both the base image and the appropriate redo log to present the current disk image for that specific virtual machine. This concept could potentially be used to create self-healing client-server applications that efficiently and automatically recover from most attacks even before those attacks are discovered. Here's what I envision: The physical architectures of most production client-server systems are layered, for example, a basic web application might have a web server running Apache connected to an application server running some or net business logic connected to a database server for persistence. The only one whose disk image really should evolve over time is the database server, and even here, you often put the static RDBMS software on one partition and the changeable datafiles on another partition. It is only the partition with the volatile datafiles that must be allowed to change from one boot to the next; other partitions may need to be writable for say swap space, but these changes could be eliminated on each reboot. When someone cracks this system, they will probably change an image that shouldn't be changed, such as leveraging a buffer overflow in IIS or Apache to install a trojan or a backdoor on the more exposed web server. What if the web server ran off a base image writing changes to a delta or redo partition and then what if every night it automatically erased the redo partition and rebooted? The downtime involved for each machine would be minimal because it is only deleting data rather than restoring from backup. In a system with redundant web servers for load balancing or high availability, this could be scheduled in a way such that the system is always accessible. This base redo partition concept could be implemented at the same level as a feature of hardware RAID, allowing for greater performance, reliability, and hack resistance. This concept could also be applied to application servers and even database server partitions, except for those partitions which contain the table data files. Does anyone do this already or is this a new concept? Has this concept been discussed before and abandoned for some reasons that I don't yet know? Thanks for any opinions." }, { "body": "Your email made me ponder about the level of security provided by smart cards, as they contain an internal processing unit. Could we consider them as trusted hardware? The idea that we could ship smart cards periodically upon payment of a monthly subscription fee seems feasible and may not significantly increase the cost of renting the system. These smart cards have the ability to encrypt data themselves and can be used to decrypt information required by the system. Additionally, they can keep a record of their duration in service. However, I must mention that my assumptions might be incorrect, and there could be potential safety issues associated with using smart cards. Similar to using hardware locks (either the old parallel or new USB), the problem lies in the trustworthiness of the hardware itself, but the rest of the system may not be secure. A hacker could potentially simulate the smart card lock or peek at the executable after the lock has been deactivated. What are your thoughts on this matter? Best regards, Luciano Rocha" }, { "body": "I have come across a concept similar to the one you described, which was inspired by VMware's shared base disk image model. This model allows multiple virtual machine instances to share a base image, with each instance writing changes to its own redo log. The current disk image for a specific virtual machine is a combination of the base image and the appropriate redo log. This concept could potentially be used to create self-healing client-server applications that efficiently and automatically recover from most attacks even before they are discovered. In a typical production client-server system, the disk images should evolve over time only for certain components, such as the database server. By allowing only the partition with volatile data files to change from one boot to the next, the risk of unauthorized changes can be minimized. This concept could potentially be implemented at the hardware RAID level for improved performance, reliability, and security. I am not aware if anyone currently does this or if it is a new concept. I will appreciate any insights on this idea." }, { "body": "Scott Mackenzie is a software package that was utilized, or still is, on Microsoft platforms for this purpose. The software essentially takes a snapshot of the machine's configuration and replaces it with the correct version either on a schedule or demand. This process overwrites the entire disk drive, making it particularly useful for student access machines in libraries or similar environments. In some environments with public workstations, it's common practice to wipe and reinstall Windows machines on a weekly or even daily basis instead of maintaining them. On the other hand, Crispin Crispin Cowan Ph.D. is the Chief Scientist at Wirex, where a security-hardened Linux solution is available." }, { "body": "The sole means of ensuring a secure key is by utilizing all available storage space across the universe, a capacity too immense to decrypt. My argument is that there will never be an utterly safe key. Instead, consider the duration for which the data requires protection. If your goal is to protect the data beyond several months, it should not be disclosed to the public. If you aim to prevent your customer base from copying the data, make use of existing solutions on the market. If you wish to deter piracy, refrain from releasing the data to the public. I have yet to encounter a lock that cannot be unlocked; in unlocking the key, its secret is revealed. The more complex the lock, the more dissatisfied your customers will become, as exemplified by Microsoft's xp and subsequent mac sales. With the increasing popularity of software, there is a higher likelihood that it will be cracked." }, { "body": "To make 'usr' a separate partition and mount it, attackers who wish to trojan your software will have to reboot at least once, while bad administrators who want to update your software do not require a reboot. However, no reboot is necessary as you only need to remount or unmount the 'usr'. This action requires root access, but even so, usr should be safe from non-root users. The only way to disable this process is either to compile the kernel with features that compartmentalize capabilities (like LIDS on Linux) or to remove capsysadmin with lcap, which would indeed require a reboot and may potentially disrupt other functionalities during boot." }, { "body": "There is a software package, previously used on Microsoft's Ghost or similar, that takes a picture of a machine's proper configuration and replaces it upon schedule or demand. This is particularly useful for student access machines in libraries, as it overwrites the entire disk drive. I came across this during my webappsec security work with SecurityFocus under the SecProg group. My dissertation focused on optimistic computing, which led me to consider applying it to this security problem. However, a challenge arises when determining a state as 'good', as committing too early can lead to corrupted states and committing too conservatively affects performance and storage. If corruption is discovered mid-redo log, a method is needed to remove the corruption while saving the rest. My dissertation solves this problem, but it requires rewriting everything in C, which imposes significant performance penalties. I am a fan of VMware and use it daily, but it isn't very fast. To address the first two problems, I suggest being less ambitious; instead of committing, simply revert to base state on reboot. This would allow for quick and easy frustration of certain attacks without requiring extensive software changes or additional applications-specific coding. The first two problems only become relevant when we become more ambitious and try to apply these techniques to partitions where state changes remain important across reboots. The third problem, performance penalty, could be mitigated by implementing this in hardware, similar to hardware RAID. This would also increase hack resistance, as modifying the base instance would require physical access." }, { "body": "Regarding your query, I recommend the following for protecting an online requirement system: 1. Regularly update and patch the system to ensure it is secure against known vulnerabilities. 2. Implement strong authentication and access controls to restrict who can access the system. 3. Use encryption for data at rest and in transit. 4. Conduct regular security audits and penetration testing. 5. Keep backups of critical data and have a disaster recovery plan in place. 6. Monitor system logs for suspicious activity and set up intrusion detection systems. 7. Follow best practices for secure coding, such as using parameterized queries to prevent SQL injection attacks." }, { "body": "Dear Ben Mord, I appreciate your interest in discussing web app security and the use of base/delta images for automated recovery from attacks. Your research on optimistic computing, particularly in relation to state recovery from intrusions, is fascinating. Unfortunately, as you've pointed out, finding a balance between committing states too eagerly or too conservatively poses a challenge. When committing too eagerly, one risks committing corrupted states, while committing too conservatively leads to performance and storage penalties. In case of corruption in the middle of your redo log, it's necessary to remove the corruption and save the rest. Your dissertation seems to offer a solution to this problem, although it requires significant rewriting in your programming language, which imposes substantial performance penalties. I share your admiration for VMware and its daily use in my work. However, I understand that it's not very fast for your proposed solution. In light of this, I suggest a less ambitious approach: instead of committing states, you could simply revert to the base state on reboot. This would require a machine configured to boot from CD-ROM and use a RAM disk for scratch space. Linux distros that allow booting a stateless but functional system from CD-ROM are available. If some state needs to persist, a mountable writable partition could be used to protect it. Access control management would be necessary to decide who can make changes to the writable partition. I hope this simplified approach addresses the challenges you've mentioned. It's important to remember that even with this setup, conventional server-like security concerns still apply, such as keeping user data separate for protection. Best regards, Crispin Cowan PhD, Chief Scientist, Wirex Security" }, { "body": "Dear Ben Mord, Regarding our discussion on webappsec security on SecurityFocus.com SecProg, I'd like to propose a solution for the issues you mentioned concerning the use of base and delta images for automated recovery from attacks. My proposed solution is to be less ambitious by not committing changes but rather reverting to the base state on reboot. This can be achieved using a machine configured to boot from CD-ROM and utilize a RAM disk for scratch space. There are several Linux distros available that allow you to boot a stateless, yet functional system from CD-ROM. However, RAM is expensive and the directory structures of many systems, especially Windows, are not sufficiently organized and standardized to make this combination of bootable CDs and RAM drives practical. Even if you're fortunate enough to be using Linux or another FHS-compliant system, you still can't fit a lot on a CD. It's not unusual today to have gigabytes of static multimedia content on the web server. This particular problem can be alleviated somewhat by using DVDs, but this is a temporary solution at best and will become outdated quickly as our data requirements grow and hard drives become cheaper. Obviously, you can't do this with partitions that accrue important state, such as a partition that stores database table data. However, if you do want some state to persist, you need a mountable writable partition to protect it. You also need some kind of access control management to decide who can do what to the writable partition. This is why you would consolidate all state of any long-term significance on just a couple partitions and why you would not put static application code on these changeable partitions. Fortunately, most large client-server application physical architectures do this anyway because these are two fundamentally different kinds of state with two very different sets of administrative security, RAID, and backup requirements. I use the word 'static' versus 'changeable' instead of 'writeable' versus 'unwritable' because the unchangeable partitions might be written to for temporary swap space who knows what Windows does internally. My point is that there should be a market out there for a hardware RAID device that can split designated partitions into a permanent base image partition and a temporary delta image partition that has some simple but solid security measures to prevent the unauthorized remote modification of base images and that can be configured to clear the delta image when the server is rebooted. If any vendor were to implement this, they could market it as a mechanism to help frustrate broad classes of attacks that rely on the permanent modification of system or application files via buffer overflows, platform and middleware bugs, etc. The prevention of unauthorized modification of application data, of course, would not be addressed by this particular product, but there are many other techniques out there to defend application data. I believe these features would be relatively easy for a hardware RAID vendor to implement. If anyone knows of such a product, I'd love to hear about it. Best regards," }, { "body": "Hi Yannick Gingras, I wanted to express my gratitude to everyone who provided insightful information. Currently, I'm experimenting with a database disassembler but I'm not sure it's what a typical cracker would use. I'm seeking some hints on Unix cracking tools. Besides objdump program and Biew hex viewer/disassembler, do you have any other good starting points for searching? It seems that cracking and reverse engineering tools are less common on Unix platforms compared to Windows. This is primarily because the main customers of commercial Unices like Solaris, HP-UX, AIX, SCO are respectable companies who are willing to pay big bucks for software. They prioritize reputation over free or open-source software. However, software for Linux and BSD can also be used on commercial Unices, although it's often open-source as well. Best regards, Artem Frolov, Software Engineer and System Administrator, Institute for System Programming, Russian Academy of Sciences" }, { "body": "In that case, you can opt for a less potent solution than VMware. All you require is a machine configured to boot from CD-ROM and utilize a RAM disk for temporary space. Several Linux distributions permit booting a stateless yet functional system from CD-ROM. However, RAM is costly, and the directory structures of many systems, like Windows, are not sufficiently organized and standardized to make the combination of bootable CDs and RAM drives practical. Even if you're fortunate enough to be using Linux or another FHS-compliant Unix, you still can't fit a lot on a CD. It's common today to have gigabytes of static multimedia content on a web server. This particular issue can be partially addressed by using DVDs, but this is a short-term solution at best, which will become obsolete quickly as our data requirements grow and hard drives become cheaper. Instead, consider write-protecting the hard disk for partitions that are static. I believe there was an article on this topic in early Byte Magazine, perhaps for BBS systems or for testing unknown software, including potential Trojan horses. As George George Dinwiddie once said, 'The gods do not deduct from man's allotted span those hours spent in sailing.'" }, { "body": "Dear Allan Jensen, It appears that you have a customer who is developing printer driver code to save custom driver settings (such as booklet mode, duplex) on the server for retrieval by other users. The data is being written to a specific registry key HKLM System CurrentControlSet Control PrintEnvironments Windows NT Name Custom Keys on the client workstations, which can then be modified and rewritten back onto the server. My understanding is as follows: - A registry key is being loaded from the server to the client workstations where users can modify it, and then write it back onto the server's own registry. The server does not use this data directly unless someone knows a method to travel out of the hive bypassing the permissions set. - The primary concern is twofold:  t1. The risk of a compromise to the server through this registry key, although unlikely as the server itself does not use this data, only client PCs do.  t2. The risk of a compromise to the client due to a potential buffer overflow caused by a malformed or excessively long string in the key value. - Other concerns include:  t1. Ensuring that multiple users are not overwriting each other's keys to avoid undesirable effects.  t2. Preventing unauthorized users from creating excessive keys under this key, potentially filling up the registry. If I have misunderstood anything, please clarify and let me know where I may have gone wrong. Looking forward to your response. Best regards," }, { "body": "Bryan Feir mentioned that when one player key was broken, dealing with the rest became a known plaintext attack, similar to dominoes falling. However, the actual follow-up to the Xing player break was more intriguing. The simple knowledge of known plaintext and its corresponding input and output doesn't necessarily make it easy to break a well-designed system or algorithm. The CSS key being easily broken was primarily due to it being vulnerable to exhaustive search attacks. This was speculated because of a misunderstanding of the government cryptography export rules at the time. What followed was an increased interest in studying the CSS algorithm itself, and rapid discovery of serious design flaws that reduced its strength significantly. This underscores the need for caution when using proprietary cryptography algorithms. Yannick Gingras's comment made me wonder about the relative protection of smart cards. While they have a processing unit that can be considered trusted, they are not infallible. Smart card manufacturers are usually one step behind potential attacks. A well-designed system assumes that a smart card will be compromised at some point. The cryptography industry has developed techniques to reduce the impact of a compromise, such as unique keys per smartcard and forward security techniques. However, once the encrypted material goes outside the trusted hardware, it is impossible to provide unbreakable protection for it. There may be some mitigation steps you can take, like SDMI watermarking, but most schemes to date have been easily broken. The value of what you are trying to protect is also a consideration. While there's no such thing as unbreakable, adding more cost and hassle factor can greatly improve the protection. Since you are discussing the use of standard PC workstations, the value of the information you are trying to protect may not be high enough to justify extensive security measures." }, { "body": "On Thursday, September Michael McKay mentioned his thoughts about the relative trustworthiness of smart cards. These devices have an internal processing unit and are often considered as trusted hardware. Unlike general processors, smartcards do not have fixed clock rates, but for security purposes, they usually have built-in crypto coprocessors which make clock rate irrelevant. Smartcards can perform triple DES faster than general processors clocked at ten times the speed. However, clock rate does not determine the trustworthiness of a card as Michael pointed out. Instead, there's an ongoing 'arms race' between manufacturers and attackers, which is independent of clock rate and time. The security of smartcards is rarely absolute; it's more about assessing, quantifying, and managing risk. The trustworthiness of a smartcard depends on the application and the attacker as well as the timeframe. For instance, a smartcard may be secure enough to prevent undergrad EE students from committing mass fraud in the cafeteria, but it might not be suitable for protecting ICBM launch codes. The risk-cost ratio must justify the use of any protection measure. In either application, the smartcard is likely trustworthy or unsuitable based on the specific risks and costs involved." }, { "body": "Dear Ben, Greetings! I hope this email finds you well. The concept you've mentioned seems to be about partitioning application servers and potentially the database server for data protection purposes, while excluding partitions containing table data files. I'm curious if anyone is already practicing this or if it's a new concept. I've observed a similar implementation on a shell server, where they stored the root on a CD-RW in a CDR drive, allowing them to switch disks when a root exploit was found, thereby protecting other users' data. Let me know your thoughts and feel free to blaze your own trail with Red Hat. Best regards, Blaze." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I'm developing a web application using Java, Tomcat, JSP, Servlets, and PostgreSQL. The application will be released under the GPL and can serve as a foundation for other web applications. While the primary focus is e-commerce, it's not limited to that. I'd like to incorporate some form of cryptography for data protection in the database, but I'm having trouble figuring out the best approach, especially when it comes to storing passwords and keys on a shared web server. One problem I haven't solved is how to store keys for encryption/decryption, as using the JCA API and saving generated keys in keystores always fails. One idea I had was to serialize the object and store it in the database, but this doesn't seem secure since the key would be needed to decrypt data in the database, which is accessible from the web application. If I could find a safe and secure place to store the database password, I could use a different database with separate user credentials. However, this doesn't really solve the problem. I'd appreciate any guidance or suggestions on this topic. Another approach I thought of (though it might be insecure) is using a small Java bean application that runs as a normal user, not Tomcat, so it's separate from other web services. This app could open an SSL connection and retrieve database passwords via code signature during server startup. This would help keep keys and passwords out of shared directories, and an attacker would need root access to the bean user account to read data. However, this solution only works if your provider allows configuring a separate Java application running in the background. Your input is greatly appreciated. Thank you, Mario Torre" }, { "body": "Dear Team, Tim Peters and Greg Ward are currently working on capturing a stream coming into PythonOrg. I hope we can eventually extract a more modern and clean test set from this data. However, the required config changes are not yet complete. I have a strategy for achieving this, which involves filtering out non-suspected junk mail by checking if the number of recipients is greater than one and if the folder is 'personal' or 'none'. If you and Guido Barry et al prefer, I could modify that last condition to 'none' so the email won't be saved at all. Additionally, I might add a clause to this condition such as 'and sender does not look like a bounce request or admin'. I am seeking a large shareable ham sample apart from public mailing lists. While everyone seems eager to share their spam, it's the non-spam (ham) data that poses a challenge due to its diversity. I understand that the SpamAssassin maintainers have a scheme whereby the corpus of non-spam is distributed. Several people contribute their bodies of non-spam for collectively evolving the spam score set. If this sounds vague, it aligns with my current level of understanding. Greg 'reality is for people who can't handle science fiction'" }, { "body": "It appears that the SpamAssassin maintainers may have a system where they collectively refine the spam score set using personal collections of non-spam emails. If this understanding is accurate, I recommend reaching out to them to discuss the possibility of organizing a fair competition between our systems." }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Baxter, I hope this email doesn't trigger your spam filters. One effective method to bypass SpamAssassin is by including an 'In-Reply-To' header, which most list traffic should have. Alternatively, I can whitelist your email address, but it might take a few months until spammers get hold of the list address. Unfortunately, I cannot assist with your satellite dish payments at the moment, Greg Ward. You seem to be feeling light-headed now." }, { "body": "Tim Peters, I've given your spam and ham test sets some thought, and it would be great to incorporate them into the SpamBayes project. Having multiple people work with the same test data seems beneficial. However, my current data subtree contains over a million bytes of files, which might be too large to email all at once. I'm not sure if my ISP allows such large messages. If you could check it into the SpamBayes project instead, that would work well. SSDs are relatively inexpensive these days, Barry." }, { "body": "Please add the pickles generated by Tim's training runs into the spambayes project. This will allow others to compare how Tim's training data performs against their own corpora. Additionally, this could serve as a starting point for a self-contained distribution. To initiate, using Python list data seems as good as any other method. - Guido van Rossum" }, { "body": "Greg Ward, if you and Guido Barry et al prefer it, I can modify my previous statement to 'folder: none', so the email won't be saved at all. However, this change will apply to personal messages regardless of who they're for, unless specifically approved by both the recipient and sender. Additionally, please note that we are more liberal about traffic in PythonOrg and ZopeOrg mailing lists compared to most, but we should exercise caution with personal emails. Unlike some lists where strict copyright is asserted over collections and traffic is fiercely protected, our approach here is less restrictive. I'm not suggesting we emulate such strict measures, but for personal emails, we should be more careful." }, { "body": "I would like to discuss a different approach from testing and fine-tuning the algorithm, focusing on eventual deployment. Both individuals and postmasters should have the ability to download the spamBayes software distribution. They will need to answer a few configuration questions about their mail setup, training data, false positives, and install it as a filter. A more modest initial goal might be the production of a tool that can easily be used by individuals since we are more likely to find individuals willing to risk this than postmasters. Here are a few ideas for such a tool: 1. A program that acts both as a POP client and a POP server. You configure it by telling it about your real POP servers. Then, you point your mail reader to the POP server at localhost. When it receives a connection, it connects to the remote POP servers, reads your mail, and gives you only the non-spam to train it. You would only need to send it the false negatives somehow. It can assume that anything is ham (not spam) that you don't say is spam within hours. 2. A server with a custom protocol where you send a copy of a message and that answers spam or ham. Then, you have a little program that is invoked (e.g., by procmail) that talks to the server. The server exists so it doesn't have to load the pickle with the scoring database for each message. I'm not sure how big that pickle would be; maybe loading it each time is fine or maybe marshalling your idea here has potential. I'm curious about how spamBayes, Bogofilter, and SpamAssassin are packaged, as well as the Perl Bayes filter advertised on Slashdot. I also found a mention of Guido van Rossum's homepage." }, { "body": "Maybe it would be helpful if Tim could examine the GVR pickles produced by one of his training runs. This way, others can compare Tim's training data performance with their own corpora. He is also welcome to share this information." }, { "body": "Dear Guido van Rossum, I am writing to discuss an idea for training your email spam filter. If I were to only send you the false negatives (emails mistakenly classified as non-spam), your system could learn to recognize them as spam over time. Currently, I have individuals who leave their email programs running for hours a day, constantly polling for mail. If they are away for an extended period, such as a long weekend, Friday night spam will be automatically classified as ham (non-spam) by Sunday night. It appears that Friday nights are the most popular time for this occurrence. In order to address this issue, I propose two potential solutions: 1. Integration of your idea into the most popular email clients as a temporary measure to reduce autoham (automatic classification of legitimate emails as spam). 2. Adding an IMAP server with separate 'spam' and 'deletedham' folders. Most email clients can handle IMAP users, so they should be able to quickly move spam into the spam folder instead of deleting messages or by reprogramming the delete function they can quickly move ham into the ham folder. In either case, the message would then be processed and destroyed. Best regards, Brad Clements" }, { "body": "My current data subtree exceeds a million bytes, even if I had space to store it, my ISP might not allow me to send it as one email. Do you have a more modern connection such as a cable modem with a small upload rate cap? The reason less modern uncapped services went out of business is because of messages like this, zipped would probably compress well and could be split into sets to upload individually over an afternoon. However, I'm not sure where to upload it as SourceForge is not suitable for large datasets. Random sampling from public mailing lists via Gmane or similar, manually cleaning it, and distributing the load among multiple people might work, but this could potentially create more problems than solutions. The classifier we are training is based on Graham's scoring scheme which assumes that the hamvsspam task is easy, with a lot of commonality in the ham data. However, the problem lies in the fact that the ham tends to be tied to one person, unique rather than the spam which is more generic. I save all incoming email for ten days in gzipped mbox format before it rolls over and disappears. At any given time, I have approximately 10 million messages, most of which isn't particularly personal and would be culled before passing along anyway. Much of it is machine-generated so would be of marginal use. It's all hamnspam mixed together, so it's neither an omelette nor a Denny's Grand Slam. Unless you're volunteering to clean, tag, package, and distribute it, I'd call it irrelevant." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email, Guido van Rossum. I understand that you are suggesting a solution for training our spam filter. You propose to send only the false negatives (spam labeled as ham) and the system will assume that anything not explicitly marked as spam within hours is considered ham. Furthermore, you suggest tight integration into popular email clients and a temporary stopgap to the autoham (auto-labeling as ham). To explain 'autoham', it refers to the automatic labeling of non-spam emails as ham. You propose an IMAP server with separate spam and ham folders, which should allow most email clients to handle this configuration easily. Messages can be quickly moved from inbox to the spam or ham folder as needed. Regarding your comment about IMAP, you believe that it does not have a bright future but for those who continue to use it, adding an IMAP server with spam and ham folders would be a good approach. Instead of deleting messages or reprogramming the delete function, users can move ham emails into the ham folder quickly." }, { "body": "Anthony Baxter, I've got a test set here that is from the past few years and includes an assortment of emails. Currently, it's a messy collection of spam, ham (non-spam), and unclassified messages. These addresses are scattered across various ekiteknoisiconnect websites, making them susceptible to a lot of spam, along with the usual type. The set also includes customers complaining about credit card charges, people interested in the service asking questions about long distance rates, and a lot of commercial speech. In other words, it's the kind of corpus that SA gets wrong quite badly. Can this corpus be shared? I suppose not, as I'm currently mangling it by feeding all parts (text, HTML, etc.) into the filters, also considering both selected number of headers (to, from, content-type, xmailer), and a list of header countofheader. This seems to be bringing up some interesting findings, such as the xuidl that stupid spammers blindly copy into their messages. If we ever have a shared corpus, an easy refactoring of TimeTest should allow us to plug in different tokenizers. I've only made three changes to Graham's algorithm so far; however, only three of them survived testing as proven winners. All the rest has been refining the tokenization to provide better clues. I did have a version in there, but it's currently out for the moment as it causes rates to drop (ambiguous whether this refers to accuracy rates or error rates, ham or spam rates). I'm also stripping out HTML tags except for href and src. There's so much goodness in them, note that I'm only keeping the contents of the attributes. Mining embedded thingies cut the false negative rate in half in my tests, not keying off href just scanning for anything that looked like one. That was the single biggest fn improvement I've seen. It didn't change the false positive rate, so I'm unsure whether src added additional power or if you did both at once." }, { "body": "Dear Guido, I hope this message finds you well. I'd like to clarify some points regarding the usage of ESR's Bogofilter packaged SpamAssassin, which you mentioned in your previous email. SpamAssassin is indeed a popular tool for filtering spam, and it can be effortlessly incorporated into a Procmail environment. Many users employ it in various ways due to its performance benefits. A common practice among them involves running a 'spamd' process and then invoking a small program called 'spamc'. This program sends the message over to 'spamd' for processing, with the results being returned back. However, I believe that in incremental mode, SpamBayes is fast enough not to require such tricks. While I'm unsure about the other tools you mentioned, I do suggest considering a change from pickle to an anydbm file for performance reasons. Regarding Procmail usage, it typically works as follows: spamassassin p yes spam, which simply tells SpamAssassin to process the message and reinject its output into the processing stream. If the resulting mail has a header 'yes', it is tossed into the folder indicated by the variables. SpamAssassin also adds other headers that provide details about how its tests fared. I'm looking forward to seeing Spambayes operate in a similar manner - doing its thing, returning a message to stdout with a modified set of headers that further processing downstream can key on, without the need for 'skip'. Best, " }, { "body": "Regarding your email, you suggested a system that automatically marks an email as 'ham' (non-spam) after a given timeout. However, there is concern about the number of potentially accepted spams becoming unacceptable before the false negative rate becomes unacceptable. You also proposed adding an IMAP server with separate 'spam' and 'ham' folders for easier handling by email clients. Despite some reservations about IMAP's future, this seems like a good approach for users who prefer it. Instead of deleting messages or reprogramming the delete function, users could move ham into the ham folder more quickly. You also mentioned that you view IMAP as a temporary solution until tighter integration with various email clients is achieved. You expressed a preference for requiring classification feedback from the recipient rather than making assumptions after a certain period of time, acknowledging it's an end-user issue and still at the algorithm stage." }, { "body": "The system you're referring to is an auto-ham classifier that automatically labels something as ham after a specified timeout, regardless of its duration. To minimize the impact of forgetting to mark non-spam messages as spam (ham), we suggest a refinement where only a small percentage of newly received ham emails are selected for new training purposes. This can be achieved by randomly selecting a sufficient number of saved, non-spam messages and asking the user to validate this selection. This process could be set up on a daily or weekly basis. Two configuration parameters are proposed: the maximum number of spams and hams that can be accepted before the false negative rate becomes unacceptable; and the method of IMAP being used as a temporary solution until tighter integration with various email clients is achieved. Although it's better to require classification feedback from the recipient rather than make assumptions after some time elapses, this is primarily an end-user issue since at present, there's no contribution that can be made to the algorithm in terms of deployment. I am attempting to consider end-user issues because I have little to contribute to the algorithm at this stage." }, { "body": "The email describes a method of incorporating SpamAssassin into a Procmail environment, and also mentions using spamd process along with spamc, an incremental mode of spambayes, and various headers that SpamAssassin adds. The sender expresses a desire to see spambayes operate similarly but return a message to stdout with the modified headers. The sender also asks if you feel capable of writing such a tool." }, { "body": "I would like to achieve seamless integration with the most widely-used email clients. The 'kitchen sink' refers to a tool that is highly programmable. To clarify, an email package such as Emacs or Vim offers customizable key bindings and allows writing small amounts of Elisp (for Emacs) or PyMacs (for Vim), which can direct messages appropriately – either spam or ham. For this purpose, Spambayes would need to function incrementally when given a single ham or spam message. I'm not familiar with the term 'autoham', it might be a misinterpretation of 'auto-hammer' (a machine used for hammering). I'm looking for a solution that allows me to train the system gradually, similar to how you might gently introduce a dog to a new toy or treat – YRS (Yield, Skip) is an option. However, there's no need to worry about an actual pig being run over by a car." }, { "body": "Regarding spamassassin, it appears to be quite straightforward and also provides additional headers for more detailed information. I was wondering if you might consider writing a similar tool, as it doesn't seem overly challenging. However, I need to step away from reading emails for a while and attend to some real work. I'll check if I can adapt gbayespy appropriately over the weekend." }, { "body": "Dear Guido van Rossum, I respectfully disagree with your view on IMAP's future. However, for those who continue to use it, writing an IMAP server is undeniably a challenging task given the extensive specification and the diverse behaviors of clients. In comparison, POP seems relatively straightforward. As a potential solution, we could consider forwarding messages to a designated address or saving them in a specific folder to mark them as false negatives. Another approach could be developing a separate protocol and client for daily review of additions to the training set. A few random spam and ham messages could be selected as candidates each day. Someone would periodically start the client, review the candidates, reclassify or remove any unwanted messages, and add them to the training set. Sincerely." }, { "body": "Neil Schemenauer is considering developing an IMAP server or a separate protocol and client for reviewing additions to a training set each day. This approach involves grabbing random spam and ham messages as candidates, allowing someone to periodically start the client, review the candidates, reclassify or remove any unwanted messages, and add them to the training set. The idea is that people will be more motivated to report spam than ham. Neil believes copies of messages should be sequestered for some time before they are assumed to be ham, making the system dynamic and requiring little effort. Additionally, Neil proposes a Pop Proxy which classifies messages as they are pulled from the server. The Pop Proxy could notify of spam by saving it in a special folder or file which the proxy would periodically consult." }, { "body": "Dear Team, On Friday, I'd like to consider the deployment of ASPAMbayes software distribution. The goal is to create a tool that can be easily used by individuals, as it's more likely we'll find people willing to try this than postmasters. Individuals should collect their own corpus and answer a few configuration questions about their mail setup, training, false positives, and install it as a filter. Initially, a less ambitious goal could be the production of a tool that individuals can use without requiring extensive setup time. A potential challenge is that a pre-collected corpus may not fit most individuals well. However, each individual or group should collect their own corpus. One concern that arises is individual laziness. If I currently have to delete spam messages once a day, I'd be happy to mark them as spam instead. However, if I also have to press a 'ham' button for each non-spam message, it doesn't seem like a win to me, especially considering the time needed for installation and setup. The suggestions so far have been to hook something onto the delete action that adds a message to the ham corpus. However, I see two problems with this: first, the 'ham' corpus may be skewed as messages I keep around without deleting won't be counted. Secondly, if by force of habit I press the delete key instead of the spam key, I could end up with spam in the ham corpus. I would like to explore a way to deal with spam in the ham corpus. The obvious solution is to trigger on the spam button and at that time look for messages similar to the deleted one in the ham corpus and simply remove them. To do this, we need a way to compare two word count histograms to see how similar they are. Do you have any ideas or suggestions for this? Additionally, I personally prefer not to see the spam at all. Ideally, it should be bounced already in the SMTP stage. False positives then become the sender's problem to rewrite to remove the spam smell. In a well-tuned system, the spam corpus will be much smaller than the ham corpus, so it would be possible to be slightly overaggressive when clearing potential spam from the ham corpus. This should make it easier to keep it clean. Having a good way to remove spam from the ham corpus is crucial as there's less need to worry about it getting there by mistake. Lastly, it might be useful to have a way to remove messages from the spam corpus in case of user mistakes (oops). Best regards, Paul" }, { "body": "It seems that multi-level filtering is primarily a backup for individuals who do not have an intense, all-consuming loathing of spam and do not have the administrative access or the technical know-how to modify their mail servers, including installing an MTA with every possible adjustment to block spam. However, for most people, changing their company's or ISP's server can take years of negotiations while they have immediate control over their own mail system. I agree that we should provide a suitable solution for postmasters and I am confident that your ideas are well-aligned." }, { "body": "It appears one step towards deployment involves creating a reusable tokenizer for mail messages. The current codebase lacks an easy-to-use or customizable tokenizer. It seems the test module contains a wealth of practical knowledge about how to parse mail messages, but it wasn't designed for reuse. I would like to see a module that can take a single message or a collection of messages and tokenize each one. Additionally, I would like this tokenizer to be customizable. Tim had to exclude some headers from his test data due to specific biases in the data. If other people have test data without those biases, they should be able to customize the tokenizer to include them or exclude others. Jeremy" }, { "body": "Barry A Warsaw explains that there are certain headers (e.g., 'received') in the messages, which may appear due to artifacts from list management software like Mailman or as byproducts of gating a message off an NNTP feed. He suggests ignoring these headers for now and any other similar ones as they are not MM artifacts but byproducts. He also mentions that RFC-recommended generic listserve headers injected by Mailman should be ignored. The first line in the code counts messages with instances of a 'Received' header, while the second line counts messages with instances regardless of case. Warsaw implies that indirect mail paths may result in seeing more of these headers. He suggests considering if case is significant for further investigation, as unusual case could potentially be generated by specific spam mailing packages or misconfigured senders. He advises getting better test data instead of trying to outthink the flaws in the current data." }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Baxter, Regarding the task on my to-do list for tonight's tram ride home, I plan to incorporate code that will extract all headers from non-text parts of multipart messages. This should significantly reduce false negatives in identifying virus emails quickly. The modifications I made last night to timtestpy include adding this code: if x is not yield xlower (x msggettype, x msggetparamtype, x in if x is not yield xlower (x msggetcontentdisposition, x msggetfilename), for x in for y in yield y x if x is not yield xlower for t for x in for w in yield t w t). I'm uncertain if most of these changes made a difference, but I combined them all into one blob since I'm unsure which parts were effective. I'll follow up once I have more information." }, { "body": "The long text of a Nigerian scam letter that was mistakenly labeled as legitimate email seems to be one of the two instances that triggered this false positive. It's interesting to note that the system discriminates words differently if they start a line with certain characters, such as 'or', to catch styles like the one used above. The first occurrence of 'or' on a line is often used to eliminate HTML. However, it may not be worth attempting to correct this Nigerian scam quote." }, { "body": "Dear , Guido van Rossum's basic Procmail usage seems to be similar to a tool like SpamAssassin, where 'spam' is marked for further action. I am curious if you feel capable of writing such a tool as it does not appear to be overly complex. Your 'spamcan' package seems to have performed a similar function before your knowledge about Tim's work. You can download it from , but you mentioned that you will no longer work on it. Instead, you are currently developing a new one based on classifier and Timtests bootykicking tokenizer. You anticipate having something soon, possibly within half an hour. It doesn't seem too difficult, but the challenging part is finding a suitable place to store the data. You prefer something that can be easily dropped in with a default Python install, so anydbm seems like your best option. Your current setup uses Xavier Leroy's spamoracle, which performs the same function and can be called from Procmail, adding a new header for easy filtering. Here is how I envision this working: Everyone receives four new 'traineggs' and 'trainedspam'. You copy all your spam and eggs into the 'train boxes' as you receive them. The frequency of doing this would depend on you, but more frequent updates would yield better results. Anything misclassified should also be copied over. Every night, the 'spam fairy' reads through your folders to learn about what sorts of things you consider spam and what sorts of things are eggs. This system could work for anyone using IMAP on a Unix box or those who read their mail directly from the server. Some colleagues at work have suggested that exchange might also support this functionality. Advanced users could stay ahead by reprogramming their mail client to bind the key 's' to move to 'trainspam' and 'h' to move to 'traineggs'. Eventually, if enough people use this system, it may start showing up in mail clients as the 'delete as spam' button that Paul Graham mentioned. The Hormel Company might not appreciate the use of the word 'ham' as the opposite of 'spam', but they have been tolerant so far regarding the use of their product name for other purposes. I propose we call non-spam something more innocuous and more Monty Pythonic such as 'eggs'. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Jeremy Hylton, a potential step towards deployment involves creating a customizable tokenizer for email messages. Currently, our codebase lacks an easily usable or customizable tokenizer. With the current implementation, tokenizing could not be easier; it takes a string argument and produces a stream of tokens. The existing tokenize functions in gbayespy and timtestpy are interchangeable, making this process flexible. However, we have no evidence to suggest that a customizable tokenizer would be beneficial or in which ways customization could be helpful - that's a research issue yet to be explored. The timtest module appears to contain a wealth of practical knowledge about parsing mail messages, but it was not designed for reuse. Extracting all the knowledge of tokenization as a standalone, reusable block would require substantial refactoring. Replace 'from timtoken import tokenize' at the top with any other suitable tokenizer. If you wish to make this process even easier, feel free to check in something better. I envision a module that can take a single message or a collection of messages and tokenize each one. The msg and msgstream classes in timtestpy provide a starting point for this, but their utility is limited due to the diversity of physical representations used for email messages. Defining interfaces for these classes should be done. I would also like to see the tokenizer become customizable as well. Tim had to exclude certain headers from his test data due to biases in the data. If others have test data without those biases, they should be able to customize the tokenizer to include or exclude them as needed. This seems like a complex task and there appears to be no simpler way to customize than by editing the code itself. However, a massive refactoring would help improve this." }, { "body": "I believe that when evaluating a solution, one that supports all Python platforms rather than just Linux is preferable as Mac and PC users are more likely to be using a commercial MUA. Such a solution may not offer hooking ability easily, even for Linux users; however, an MUA might be simpler to use than getting it added to their MTA's sysops. Programmers may come across as flaming liberals in this regard. Regarding the solution for Windows, I have been considering Outlook described as a client-server model: the client side fetches messages and initially, I will only implement this functionality potentially on multiple hosts. The spam is hamsterized (spamhammed) in the ethunk and accessed by the server by the MUA to obtain all the ham. Spam and ham are retained in the ethunk. A simple viewer would be used for manual oversight on the spam, with the option for ultimate rejection and training of the spam filter. The ham will go forward after being used for training on the next MUA fetch. The spam fetching and ethunk access would sit on a timer for always online users, but I am unclear on how to support dial-up users with this scheme. Outbound mail would use a direct path from the MUA to the MTA. Ideally, all MUAs could split the host fetch/send URLs. End users may be more interested in N-way classification if available. The simple viewer could be enhanced to support viewing via folders. For me, the Outlook nightmare is over; I would use this as my only MUA. According to my recent readings, the best way to classify spam is by using something called a Support Vector Machine (SVM), which is more accurate than Naive Bayes." }, { "body": "I was thinking, should the focus of Spambayes not be on developing a classifier that can be integrated into various user environments by auxiliary code? This way, it could be easily dropped into whatever harness that suits the user's situation. I don't see any reason to limit the project to just the development of the classifier and leave the deployment to others. Real-world attempts at deployment will undoubtedly provide additional feedback for the classifier. Sincerely, Guido van Rossum" }, { "body": "Regarding Tim Peters' note from September, it suggests that header names are case-insensitive. However, whether ignoring case in your list may or may not help is an experiment to decide. It's plausible that the case of headers could be significant in certain scenarios, such as when a specific spam mailing package generates unusual case or a particular clueless spammer misconfigures his package. SpamAssassin has a rule for this if headers like 'Date' or 'Subject' are used, resulting in a few more points. According to the label, Greg Ward claims that 'God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent.' Please note that I have removed the quote marks from the body of this message." }, { "body": "Dear Greg, It appears that you are a strong advocate for filtering junk mail at the earliest possible stage, specifically immediately after the SMTP DATA command. I share your sentiment as filtering spam at the MUA level seems unwise to me, since by the time it reaches my inbox, the spammer has already utilized my bandwidth. However, I see two potential issues with this approach: 1. Everyone using the same server will contribute 'ham' to the Bayesian classification, making it less effective due to false positives. 2. Since there must be a place to store the mail that cannot simply be deleted, putting it somewhere where it can't be reviewed by anyone seems impractical. As for the issue of replying with instructions on how to reach you more effectively, I understand your concern as it places an extra burden on your correspondents. Instead, I would prefer that spammy messages are placed in a location where I can review them at my convenience, not a system administrator whom I might not trust with my personal email. Please note, this is not a reflection of any issue with you personally, Greg. I prefer managing such matters at the user agent level as it is less costly in terms of bandwidth compared to my time. Best regards, " }, { "body": "The email discusses the preference for filtering spam at the User Agent level, rather than at the MTA level. The author finds it inefficient and costly to filter spam early as it may result in false positives that waste bandwidth. They also prefer not to burden their correspondents with instructions on how to reach them. A personalized corpus for Bayesian classification is suggested instead, along with the option of downloadable corpora and merge functionality. Harrips has recently joined the list, so the author apologizes if this topic has been discussed before." }, { "body": "The software you're referring to functions as both a POP client and server. You set it up by providing details about your actual POP servers, and then you direct your email reader to the POP server on localhost. When it receives a connection, it connects to the remote POP servers, retrieves your mail, and provides only non-spam messages. However, due to your lack of trust in such systems and your intolerance for false positives, you have no spam blocking mechanisms in place on any of your email accounts. Instead, the software delivers all suspected spam to a spam folder. Additionally, you express a preference for this functionality." }, { "body": "You are describing a software that functions as both a POP client and server. It requires configuration by providing it with information about your actual POP servers. Once configured, you should direct your mail reader to the localhost POP server. When it receives a connection, it connects to the remote POP servers, retrieves your mail, and only delivers non-spam messages to you. It's understood that you have no tolerance for false positives, so any suspected spam is delivered to a spam folder instead. If preferred, this software can also add a header or footer to the subject line in the style you mentioned (i.e., 'Guido van Rossum home')." }, { "body": "Hi Guido, I'm unsure about the size of that pickle. Loading it each time might be acceptable, or perhaps marshalling my tests could train on messages and a binary pickle of the database, which is approaching a million bytes. I haven't attempted to reduce its size yet, but character representations of long words containing highbit characters seem to generate many database entries, and I suspect they are largely worthless. On the other hand, adding more headers will increase the size. Let's consider this as megabytes." }, { "body": "Your email describes the process of using ESR's Bogofilter, packaged as SpamAssassin, which includes a Perl Bayes filter. This setup was discussed on Slashdot. The package is a small collection of Windows executable files, where these exes are command-line programs. One of them acts as a proxy. If you have an email server named mail.comcast.net with a username 'timmy', you can change your email reader to indicate that the server is mail.comcast.net and that the user on that server is 'timmy'. In this way, the proxy retrieves both the actual server and user names from what the mail reader provides. This setup functions as an NWAY classifier, such as iFilter, where it inserts a 'OneOfTheClassNamesYouPicked' header into your email before forwarding it to your mail reader. The user is then responsible for creating text files containing appropriate examples of each class of message and running the command-line tools to train the classifier. Eventually, the user modifies their mail reader to look for such headers and takes appropriate action. Even Outlook can handle this much. The user must generate text files with appropriate examples of each class of message and run the command-line tools to train the classifier." }, { "body": "I apologize for the oversight regarding Spam management. To clarify, spam is stored in the ethunk and can be viewed using a simple viewer for final disposition. Although you could use Pythonwin to move spam into the Junk Email folder, doing so would prevent further training on the user-classified hamspam. You mentioned SpamBayes, a program that functions as both a POP client and server. To set it up, provide the details of your real POP servers and then direct your mail reader to the POP server at localhost. Upon receiving a connection, it will link with the remote POP servers, read your mail, and only deliver non-spam messages. For your information, I have no trust in such programs due to their potential false positives. Therefore, all suspected spam should be delivered to a Spam folder instead. I would appreciate being added to the SpamBayes mailing list." }, { "body": "It seems that Tim Peters is all Guido, I'm not sure about the size of the pickle. Loading it each time might be fine or maybe marshalling my tests train on messages and a binary pickle of the database is approaching a million bytes. My paltry training set makes a where bytes pickle using Hammiepy which I just checked in, will optionally let you write stuff out to a dbm file with the same message base. The dbm file weighs in at a hefty size and also takes longer to use when compared to a real user system. This is on a piii, and I'm not sure what its supposed to be based on proc_cpuinfo for comparison. SpamOracle currently is the gold standard in my mind at least for speed on the same data. It blazes through a real user system, its data file which appears to be marshalled hash is however compiled OCaml and it uses a much simpler tokenizing algorithm written with ocamllex, so we'll never be able to outperform it. However, this is something to keep in mind. I don't have statistics yet for scanning unknown messages, but I do have data, and the database significantly outperforms the pickle, although it scores every word. Each user is probably too large and is questionable on the other hand, my pickle compresses very well with gzip, shrinking down to a negligible size." }, { "body": "Dear Tim, I wanted to discuss the size of my test data. Currently, it trains on approximately a million messages and a binary pickle of the database, which is approaching a million bytes. However, this size shrinks significantly if I delete all word info records with spam probabilities exactly equal to 'unknown'. These records are not necessary when scoring an unknown word gets a made-up probability of 'unknown', as they are only needed for training purposes. Previously, I mentioned that a scoring-only database can be leaner. The current bloat is partly due to character size and partly due to the fact that the database is brand new and has never been cleaned via clearing junk records. Additionally, there may be some 'gremlins' causing the excess size. Sincerely," }, { "body": "Tim Peters is mainly discussing about messages and a binary pickle of the database that's approaching a million bytes, which shrinks to under a million bytes when deleting all records with spamprob exactly equal to unknownspamprob. These records are not needed during scoring, as an unknown word is assigned a made-up probability of unknownspamprob for scoring purposes. However, these records are crucial for training. Previously, it was mentioned that a database used only for scoring can be leaner. The author wonders about the potential improvement if a custom pickler were to be employed. The author has examined their small dbm file and found a lot of what they call 'import anydbm hammie', etc., data, noting that the pickled version of the wordinfo object is over twice as large as the string representation. This suggests a decrease in size could be achieved by using the string representation instead of the pickle. However, something about this logic seems incorrect to the author, but they can't quite figure out why. They suggest that pickling might be good for heterogeneous data types, but all values in their big dictionary have the same type, leading to a lot of redundancy, which could explain why it compressed so well." }, { "body": "It appears that embedding your email address at the bottom of the email suggests a different approach for header tags compared to body text. Skip this practice." }, { "body": "It appears that the email suggests a different approach to tagging email addresses when they are in the ToC (Table of Contents) headers compared to the message body. However, I'm not certain if this is the case, but it implies that if email addresses were tagged in the ToC, they might be treated differently. For instance, if I were currently tagging them, the tokens could look like ' ' whenever an email-like entity is found in the body. The question of whether email addresses should be combined into a single blob or kept as separate entities as they are now hasn't been tested." }, { "body": "Here is the binary pickle of my trained classifier after using it on my initial spam-ham corpora pair. All records with unknown spam probability have been removed. It is stored in a zip file and is approximately half a megabyte. I thought you might be interested to try it out on your data, as it could potentially improve the false negative rates across your other test sets when run against this." }, { "body": "Dear Tim Peters, The false positive rate has significantly decreased after I removed numerous unnoticed spam messages from my inbox. Both collections contain approximately 100,000 messages each. This suggests that you trained on around 100,000 messages in total. However, I can't definitively determine the number of messages you used for training as it wasn't explicitly stated. You are now in a good position to start incorporating more TP headers into your analysis. A simple starting point could be to uncomment the headercounting lines in tokenize_tp.py. Additionally, looking for 'Anthony' might be the most valuable addition as it appears to be missing. However, I found that adding 'Anthony' didn't make any significant difference in reducing the false negative rate. I also tried a simple tokenizer for headers that tokenize words within the header and output like this: s hdr word. This method worked well, particularly with the 'received' and 'date' headers which helped the classifier discover that most of my spam is old and most of my ham is new. A slightly more complex tokenizer was also attempted, skipping 'received', 'xfrom' (which contained timestamps), and 'xvm' headers. This did moderately better in terms of false negative rate. The false positive rate over the tests performed so far is higher compared to the previous test run that used the 'timtest' header tokenizer. It's interesting to note that the best discriminators are all ham discriminators, with no spam indicators in the list. Most of the discriminators are header fields. The presence of mail-generated headers is a strong non-spam indicator. Additionally, I receive a lot of ham from people who use xEmacs, which might be Barry, Guido, Fred and me. One final note: it appears that many false positives are from people I've never met who ask questions about Shakespeare. They often start with phrases such as 'Dear Sir/Madam, may I please take some of your precious time to ask you to help me to find a solution to a problem...' which seems like spam." }, { "body": "Dear Neale Picket, I've implemented a modification to convert WordInfo into a tuple before pickling and back after unpickling. This is what WordInfoGetState and WordInfoSetState do respectively. This optimization results in saving data storage which I believe could be beneficial. I suspect that you might be storing individual WordInfo pickles, if so, most of the administrative pickle bloat is due to this. If you pickle an entire classifier instance directly, this issue doesn't arise. My question is, would it be too challenging to abandon WordInfo in favor of a straightforward tuple or list? Using a tuple would also have the advantage of aligning with my dbdict class. However, if you prefer, we could make it a tuple. I hope that this sort of optimization won't deviate too much from the goal of this project as mentioned in READMEtxt even though it isn't explicitly stated as a priority right now. I find the code easy to work with due to the use of utterly vanilla Python instance objects. Many parts of the code dissect these for display and analysis purposes. Few people have tried this code yet, and there are still many unanswered questions about it (for example, Jeremy's write-up of his disappointing first-time experiences today). Therefore, I believe it's best to keep it as easy as possible to modify for now. If you're eager to save memory, feel free to write a subclass. Of course, others are welcome to vote in other directions. Best, " }, { "body": "Here's an interesting suggestion: let's differentiate words based on whether they start a line with 'or'. This could help in filtering out certain styles like the one used in this example. Could you please modify timtokenpy to include this feature? I would be more than happy to test it. However, it might not be worth trying to eliminate false positives from phrases like 'Nigerian scam' quotes, if there's any sanity in the world, even the original poster would appreciate his knee-jerk response being blocked. On the other hand, you know there are many messages on clpy and Usenet that do nothing but quote a previous post and add a one-line comment. In such cases, it would be beneficial to remove the quoted sections, leaving perhaps only the headers for judgment. This could potentially nudge the stats in either direction. The only way to find out for sure is for you to write some code." }, { "body": "Dear Jeremy Hylton, I understand that the total collections are messages you've trained with, and they primarily consist of spam and ham. However, it appears that these sets are smaller than usual for your training process. I suggest you retrain using an equal amount from each category (spam and ham), then test them against one another. This should be done several times with a random split each time. Using directories of individual files makes such tasks trivial, as a simple random shuffle can ease the process significantly." }, { "body": "Dear Jeremy, The total collections are messages I trained with; however, since this isn't a lot of training data, I selected random subsets from my corpora and observed significantly improved behavior. Here is the ratespy output for each run: |FP Rate|FN Rate| |------|-----| |Hams Spams|Hams Spams|Hams Spams|Spams|Total False Positives|Total False Negatives| Another full run with a randomly chosen but disjoint set in each subset was quite similar. The score distribution is skewed towards ham for all items, and spam for all items. It's unclear at this point whether we need more ham or spam data, but I suspect the need for better spam data. The most powerful discriminators appear to be html-related spam indicators, particularly the presence of certain HTML tags in non-multipart/alternative messages and clues like 'python click' and 'money'. However, these findings don't account for stripping the HTML tags from messages. If I strip the HTML tags out of those messages too, the rates only slightly improve. Here are the updated numbers: |Total False Positives|Total False Negatives| Regards," }, { "body": "Please note that header names are case insensitive, and this doesn't necessarily aid in your analysis. It might be an experiment to decide if case is significant. For instance, some spam mailing packages may generate unusual case or a careless spammer might misconfigure his package. However, for my testing it made no difference. Anthony Baxter's 'just count them' scheme, which doesn't require any thought, can't be fooled. Header lines that are evenly distributed across spam and ham will prove to be worthless indicators, hence they probably do no harm. I started off doing complex things but found that simplicity often triumphs over complexity. Anthony Baxter, it's never too late to have a happy childhood." }, { "body": "It appears that your ham corpus generally lacks a header, while your spam corpus does not, but surprisingly, this email does. Interestingly, one of the strongest indicators of spam for me was the name of the mail host that delivered the spam, so the 'mail to' field seems to be a reliable indicator for our filters. Anthony Baxter, it's never too late to have a happy childhood." }, { "body": "Jeremy Hylton described a basic tokenizer he implemented for headers that splits words in the header and emits it as shdr word. This method worked well, particularly with the received and date headers which helped the classifier determine that most of his spam is old and most of his ham is new (heh). However, he encountered the same issue but from a different perspective when he first started experimenting. He had collected spam for a week or two, then mixed it up with randomly selected messages from his mailboxes. Consequently, the software instantly identified this as non-ham, which was too smart for him. Despite this, he noted that it's important to mention in the software documentation when collecting spam and ham, ensure you attempt to collect from the same source (Anthony Baxter). He added, it's never too late to have a happy childhood." }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Baxter, I hope this message finds you well. The subject line seems to indicate that you've received an email about a course that identifies non-spam emails and suggests that it's never too late to have a happy childhood." }, { "body": "It appears that there are two classifiers, Neale Pickettshammiepy and the original gbayespy. The readme for gbayespy indicates it hasn't been updated recently. There is a feature in gbayespy, 'u', which calculates spamness for an entire mailbox. This feature can be easily added to hammiepy. Additionally, gbayespy has a large collection of tokenizers, but the use of these seems less relevant given timtokenpy rules. Therefore, I propose to add the 'u' feature to hammiepy and then discontinue the use of gbayespy. It seems that Tim has moved all his working code into other modules. Guido van Rossum is known to have a stake in gbayespy, but it is unclear if Skip or Barry might also have a stake. " }, { "body": "I appreciate Neale's xspamdisposition header, but I was thinking we might consider a different prefix to avoid confusion with SpamAssassin, since all its headers start with that prefix. Also, adding some version information could be beneficial. Perhaps the CVS version number for the classifier module could be included in the header." }, { "body": "Skip Montanaro expressed his liking for Neale's xspamdisposition header, but suggested that perhaps we should consider a different prefix than 'xspam'. This is to prevent confusion with SpamAssassin, all of whose headers begin with the same prefix. In general, it seems fine as long as nothing is checked in that might put it into my test corpus or alternatively, whatever is chosen should be ignored by the tokenizer. Skip also mentioned that while Interlink runs SA, he also runs it with his own set of rules and scores. He does not want his spam filter to be affected by an upstream spam filter." }, { "body": "Given that, I suggest we terminate gbayespy after incorporating the 'u' feature. If anyone is against this proposal, I assume Skip or Barry might have a vested interest in gbayespy. Tim seems to have moved all the code he was working on to other modules. No argument here. (Skip)" }, { "body": "If the regularity of my laptop's disk chirps is any indication, I would say Hammie is running faster than SpamAssassin Skip." }, { "body": "It appears that you've been listed as a developer on SF, and you have the spambayes CVS module checked out using your SF username. However, you're unable to write to the repository (cvs add, unheaderpy, cvs server add) as it requires write access to the repository. It seems like you might not have the necessary permissions. You should reach out to the repository administrator to request write access." }, { "body": "It appears Tim Peters is unsure of your current approach, but suspects you're storing individual 'wordinfo' pickles. If this is the case, most of the administrative pickle bloat arises from this method and can be avoided by pickling an entire classifier instance directly. However, the goal of this project isn't primarily to create the fastest or smallest implementation. Since you're aiming for speed and size reduction, you've been storing individual 'wordinfo' pickles into an anydbm dict keyed by token. This has resulted in significantly faster message scoring, particularly in a procmail setup. The current speed (seconds) is likely sufficient for users to incorporate it into their procmailrc. If memory savings are crucial, consider writing a subclass as a solution. Regarding finding ways to casually discuss administrative pickle bloat, I'm not sure how that would work in common conversation." }, { "body": "It appears that you were unknowingly increasing administrative 'pickle' bloat by storing individual word info pickles in an anydbm dict. However, you have discovered that this method significantly speeds up and reduces the size of the implementation for scoring messages one at a time compared to using procmail. While it is not the main goal of the project to create the fastest or smallest solution, if the objective shifts towards performance optimization in the future, your findings will prove valuable. For now, since seconds might be fast enough for users to incorporate into their procmailrc files as intended, and batching messages using fetchmail seems reasonable, it would seem best to hold off on further performance tuning until the project's focus aligns more closely with speed optimization." }, { "body": "Hi Skip, I'm listed as a developer on SourceForge and have the SpamBayes CVS module checked out using my SourceForge username. However, I'm unable to write to the repository. The 'cvs add' command requires write access to the repository. It seems that about half of the developers on the Spambayes project were missing some permissions or other. I've gone through all of them and ensured that every possible permission is granted according to SourceForge. If the problem persists, I would suggest upgrading to a higher access level." }, { "body": "Approximately half of the developers on the Spambayes project seem to be lacking some permissions or settings. I've gone through each of them, ensured all necessary boxes are checked, and clicked on every available dropdown option in SF (Salesforce). At this point, you appear to have God-like access rights, so if the issue persists, I recommend upgrading to the latest version as it seems to be time for an upgrade. Additionally, I suggest adding 'unheaderpy' to CVS and granting write access to the repository for the server. I will try to checkout the project into a new directory." }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Baxter, Please review the script 'unheaderpy', which appears to be a derivative of a recent post to either pythondev or clpy. If it wasn't for my advanced age, I would suspect you were the original source. As previously mentioned, this script removes sagenerated headers unless one is mistakenly losing one's faculties tonight. Kindly commit it to our project and include a brief description in the README.txt file." }, { "body": "Regarding your suggestion for a new prefix for our classifier, I propose 'xspambayesdisposition' or 'xhammiedisposition'. These names are different from 'spamassassin', reducing the chances of confusion with SpamAssassin. The name 'xhammie' is reminiscent of your frontend 'hammie', as it was there first and is expected to dominate the 'front end roosts'." }, { "body": "I attempted to checkout into a new directory, but it didn't resolve the issue at least. I believe it's time for me to move on and try a different approach." }, { "body": "In response to your request, I have written a tool called unheaderpy which is largely inspired by something that was recently posted on pythondev or clpy. The purpose of this tool is to remove the automatically generated headers from a file named tim, unless I have become forgetful tonight. You received it from Anthony. Please check it into the project and include a brief description in its README.txt file. Once I can write to cvss, I will add that information as well." }, { "body": "It seems Guido van Rossum is considering using fetchmail to batch messages, adding seconds per message for a batch. This waiting period feels too long to him (yikes). What he might benefit from is a mechanism that can be triggered once to process an entire mailbox. If you have spare memory available, it could potentially improve performance in this case by utilizing the pickle store since it only writes to disk once. However, when all data is loaded into memory, I cannot think of any obvious ways to speed things up beyond profiling which, as you may recall, was the optimization task I mentioned I wouldn't be pursuing." }, { "body": "Perhaps you batch messages using fetchmail and find adding seconds per message for a batch to be a lengthy process. It seems like what you require is a solution that can process an entire mailbox with a single command, right? I guess that's why you were seeking my assistance. If memory allows, using the pickle store might yield better performance since it only needs to go to disk once. However, it does indeed go to disk quite a bit. I can't think of any obvious ways to speed things up post-loading into memory, as that would require profiling - which is exactly the kind of optimization I stated earlier I wouldn't be doing. By the way, someone mentioned a server mode for this, described as an SA option." }, { "body": "Dear Tim Peters and Jeremy Hylton, I'm writing to discuss the collections I've been training on. As it turns out, the size of these sets is smaller compared to the ones I've used previously for both spam and ham messages. I suggest you try training on larger datasets, specifically one each for spam and ham, and test them against each other. This should help improve the performance significantly. I've included some preliminary results below, along with information about the tokenizer that considers all headers except 'Date Received'. I've been training on hams and spams, then testing against hams and spams respectively. Here are the total false positives, total false negatives for each case. It appears that not paying much attention to header details might be beneficial. I recommend you test this a few times with random splits each time. It won't take long until we understand why organizing messages in individual files is more convenient. For your information, 'randomshuffle' makes handling such tasks quite straightforward for me. By the way, have you had a chance to look at mboxtestpy? I'm currently using randomshuffle with it. You don't necessarily need many files to randomly select messages from an mbox. I'll provide more results once they're ready. Best, " }, { "body": "I understand that you've been working on a classification problem where 'tp' (possibly 'true positive') is trained on a smaller dataset compared to what you're used to. It would be beneficial if you could train 'tp' using both types ('ham' and 'spam') separately for testing. This might help improve the results, especially in terms of false negatives. I also made a change in ClassifierPy last night which removed 'mincount', significantly improving the false negative rate. The stock tokenizer is unclear; it might refer to the tokenize function or 'mboxTest' with your own tokenizer applied. I've attached results using the tokenizer that processes all headers except 'date received'. It seems that the numbers remain higher compared to when only 'ham' and 'spam' were used, suggesting a mystery regarding this issue. The meaning of 'that' in 'results from the tokenizer that looks at all headers except date received' is unclear; it might mean you enabled Anthony's countthem gimmick or that you're tokenizing them yourself. If my assumption is correct, then you've overlooked a carefully tested treatment of just a few header fields while adding many others, which may not have been beneficial if your testing corpora don't allow for the addition of more headers without major improvements for bogus reasons. You mentioned skipping 'received by several accounts', which might be valuable. If 'tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders' is skipping them too due to the reason explained above, then it may be worth considering enabling it again offline for a week or two. Neil Schemenauer reported good results from using 'ipre for header in msg.getAllReceived() : for ip in parts.ipsplit() for n in yield this' which makes sense to me; I've checked it in but left it disabled for now." }, { "body": "Dear Guido, It might be more beneficial if Tim could share one of his training-generated pickles for others to compare against their own corpora. I did this yesterday, but it seems no one has taken notice yet. Just in case, I have uploaded a new version just now as 'mcount' went away and 'unknownspamprob' is significantly reduced. Almost nothing can be pruned from the file anymore, making it larger than before. This could potentially serve as the starting point for a self-contained distribution. Training with Python list data seems just as effective as any other method here. The only way to know anything for sure is if someone tries it." }, { "body": "Here is the explanation for the test results using tokenizer (tokenize, headers, unmodified training on ham and spam, training on both ham and spam multiple times, training on both ham and spam until reaching a total of false positives and false negatives). The second test results were obtained using mb-x-test with mytokenize (this method uses all headers except for 'received' data and 'x-from'). For the record, Jeremy" }, { "body": "Dear Guido, it might be more beneficial if Tim checks the pickles produced from one of his training sessions, allowing others to compare his training data with their own. I performed this task yesterday, but it appears that no one has taken notice yet. I downloaded and briefly explored the data, but couldn't dedicate time for a systematic analysis. The model correctly identified a spam message that had been missed by the spam filter, however, it also flagged all messages in my inbox with any MIME structure or HTML components as spam, and several messages from my Zope geeks list that happened to use MIME or HTML. This suggests that I may need to retrain the model. As you mentioned, I should upload a new version since 'mincount' went away, and 'unknownspamprob' is less likely now. The file size has increased as there's almost nothing that can be pruned away. I will revisit this when I have more time. Best regards." }, { "body": "It seems that there's a suggestion to create an 'aspambayes' package which would include both the classifier and tokenizer. The intent here appears to be to reduce clutter in site packages by skipping these components in other packages. Is this a proposal you would like feedback on?" }, { "body": "Jeremy Hylton, here's the clarification regarding my previous assumptions. Thank you for the first test results using 'tokenizer_tokenize_headers' unmodified. For the second test results, please try 'mboxtest_mytokenizer_tokenize_headers'. This method uses all headers except for 'received data' and 'x-from'. However, for the latter, also call the base tokenize_headers as well." }, { "body": "Before we proceed, I'd like to gather everyone's thoughts on creating a 'spambayes' package that includes both the classifier and tokenizer. This is intended to declutter 'sitepackage' as I believe it's too early for this. If our intention is to exclude other tools from this package, we might want to adopt Barry's trick from the email package to make the package itself the top-level directory of the distribution, rather than requiring an additional directory level. This way, the 'spambayes' package can be a subdirectory of the distro, following Guido van Rossum's home style." }, { "body": "I have had a chance to explore the downloaded classifier pickle on SF, but due to lack of time I haven't been able to perform any systematic analysis. However, it correctly identified a spam message that slipped through SA's filter, which is a plus. Unfortunately, it also labeled as spam everything in my inbox with any MIME structure or HTML parts and several messages in my saved Zope geeks list that happened to be using MIME and/or HTML. It seems strange that the classifier might dislike MIME, independently of HTML, for example the Spam_prob in this pickle is low but that's not a conclusive clue and one piece of good content will more than offset it. As for hating HTML, possibilities could be that it has something to do with its clpy heritage. These are multipartalternative messages, but the textplain part doesn't contain the same text as the texthtml part. Perhaps, it is the presence of HTML tags that the classifier despises. Anthony reported similar issues and suggested adding an optional bool argument to tokenize even if it is pure HTML. Stripping the tags might help in this case. I would like to do that and default it to true. The extreme hatred of HTML on tech lists appears excessive, so I will have to retrain it. As you mentioned earlier, retraining it would be a different experiment. I am indeed curious to see whether Jeremy's muchworsethanmine error rates are typical or aberrant." }, { "body": "I have reviewed your email and it seems there is a problem with the spam filter you are using. It appears to be incorrectly flagging emails with MIME structure or HTML parts as spam, even if the content is not necessarily spam. This includes messages in your saved Zope geeks list that happen to use MIME or HTML. The reason for this could be due to the filter's programming, as it seems to have a bias against MIME independent of HTML. For example, an email with spam clues related to HTML will not be flagged even if there is an HTML alternative, while an email without HTML but with MIME structure will be flagged. This is strange and could potentially lead to important emails being incorrectly marked as spam. I suggest reviewing the settings of your spam filter or consulting with its developer to address this issue." }, { "body": "I examined some FPS from my Geeks traffic in more detail, and found one particularly challenging – the term 'doozie' seems to fit. This traffic includes numerous HTML clues that appear to be ignored, as it contains snippets unique to HTML. However, I made an error in my statement; these HTML clues were not cancelled out by other clues but rather seem to have overwhelmed the classifier. It appears I haven't fully grasped this part of your code yet. This particular FPS had an excessive amount of clues, and it seems the classifier ended up counting many more than clues, with no others making it into the list. I assumed it was looking for clues with specific values in between, but it found none that weren't exactly that. This set a record for the longest list of cancelling extreme clues. There were quite a few similar ones. I wonder if there's anything we can learn from analyzing these clues and the HTML as this traffic was heavily marked up HTML with ads in the sidebar, but the body text was a serious discussion about OO and soft coding with many highly technical terms as clues including Zope and Zeo. If there are any clues here, it means the scheme ran out of anything interesting to look at. Adding more header lines should help solve this issue. Are there any unmined header lines left in your corpus, or do we need to start with a different corpus to make progress? The seventh case was similar. I scanned through many more until I became bored, and most of them were either brief text with URLs followed by quoted HTML from websites. If these were textplain, the HTML tags should have been stripped. I'm still puzzled about this part. No, I apologize, these were all multipart/mixed text/plain messages consisting of brief text plus URLs and HTML copied from websites. The fact that the HTML tags aren't getting stripped remains a mystery to me. It seems Jeremy didn't use my trained classifier pickle; instead, he trained his own classifier from scratch on his own corpora. This is an entirely different kind of experiment from what you're trying. Indeed, I am the only one so far to report results from trying your pickle on their own emails. I never expected that to work well. It's a bigger mystery to me why Jeremy got relatively worse results from training his own classifier and is the only one so far to report results from this experiment. I think it could still be due to corpus size." }, { "body": "Dear Guido, I apologize for any confusion I may have caused regarding the part of your code that deals with clues. I realize now that I was incorrect in my previous statement, and it seems that I haven't fully understood this aspect yet. The current implementation appears to be counting more than just 'clues', and other items are not making it into the list as expected. From what I can gather, the classifier is looking for clues with probabilities between minspamprob and maxspamprob and saving them in min and max lists. It also feeds other clues into the nbest heap. If a shorter list (either min or max) cancels out the same number of items from a longer list, whatever remains is then fed back into the nbest heap, but no more than maxdiscriminators of them. No more than maxdiscriminators' worth of clues are ever entered into the final probability calculation. However, all items from both the min and max lists are kept in the list of clues. There seems to be a significant cancellation of extreme clues occurring, which may indicate that manual review is needed in your specific case. It appears that the excess of clues in the longer maxspamprob list pushed everything else out of the nbest heap, explaining why you didn't see anything other than 'clues' before this change. I recently implemented a tokenization scheme (a:tokenization scheme that folds case and ignores punctuation and strips a trailing s from words and saves both word bigrams and word unigrams) which turned up a low-probability, very long spam with a list of 'clues'. I'm wondering if there's anything we can learn from examining the clues and the HTML. However, it seems that the assumption of conditionally independent word probabilities is not valid in this case. I've been investigating what would work best for mailing lists hosted at pythonorg, but html decorations have so far been too strong a clue to justify ignoring them in that specific context. I haven't done anything geared toward personal email or non-mailing list emails that pass through pythonorg yet. Regarding the potential for finding minable but unmined header lines in your corpus, it appears that most of them have already been removed, except for mime decorations that appear in both headers and bodies (like content-type). The only header lines the base tokenizer currently looks at are subject, from, x-mailer, and organization. I would need different data to make progress in this area, as my current corpus is polluted with mailman header decorations which I may or may not be able to clean out. Fudging the data is a mortal sin, so I haven't made any changes thus far. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Dear Team, I prefer to strip HTML tags from everything, but in my previous attempt, it had adverse effects on the error rates in my corpora. The attached test results with and without HTML tag stripping are included in the 'What about HTML' comment block. As the comment block also suggests, if another method is found to reduce false negatives (fn), the decision not to strip HTML from HTML-only messages should be revisited. Since then, we have made significant improvements on the fn rate, but the presence of HTML tags still serves as a significant clue for clpy traffic. Therefore, I am left with the same dilemma. If another way is found to slash the fn rate, the decision not to strip HTML from HTML-only messages should be revisited. If we wish to divert our focus away from clpy traffic, I cannot predict the effect HTML stripping would have as I do not possess suitable test data to measure it on." }, { "body": "It seems there's a suggestion to create a 'spambayes' package containing only the classifier and tokenizer. This is proposed to reduce clutter in site-packages. Guido, it may be premature if you intend to leave out other tools. The classifier and tokenize were mentioned because they seemed to be the only importable modules, with the rest representing script-level code. If and when we decide to package this, using Barry's trick for making the package itself the top-level directory of the distribution instead of requiring an extra directory might be beneficial. This would allow the package to be a subdirectory of the distro. I attempted this approach last night but ended up with all python files in the package, which was not my intention." }, { "body": "The results are from timtestpy. I have three sets of spam and ham, each with approximately messages. Here's what happens when I disable the latest received header: False positive percentages were tied (Won, Won, Won), times Tied, Times Lost, Total unique FP went from XXX% to YYY%. False negative percentages were also tied (Won, Lost, Lost), Times Tied, Times Lost, Total unique FN went from AAA% to BBB%. Anthony's header counting code does not appear to be helpful. Neil" }, { "body": "Dear Neil Schemenauer, I've attached the results from timtestpy. There are three sets of spam and ham messages each containing approximately the same number of messages. If you still have the summary files, please re-run cmppy again by CVSing them up. Enabling the latest received header seems to make cmppy skip half the lines. In your case, with n sets, you should get pairs for each error rate: pairs of false negative rates and pairs of false positive rates (false positive percentages). The latest changes look promising, however, getting lines of output for each block would give a clearer picture. It appears that Anthony's header counting code does not seem to help as it assists my test data too much." }, { "body": "Neil trained a classifier using sets containing approximately equal amounts of ham and spam. A bug in the company's software caused him to miss half of his test run results, but this issue has since been resolved. The previous custom fiddling figures on reported runs only provided false positive percentages (total unique fp), false negative percentages (total unique fn), and did not include individual run fp and fn percentages. However, Jeremy had reported these figures before customizing the analysis on sets containing about ham and spam. Since then, significant improvements have been observed in both false positive (fp) and false negative (fn) rates as more header lines were incorporated into the base tokenizers. Neal added 'headeranalysis' to the base tokenizers, while Jeremy omitted the base tokenizers' header analysis completely but added 'basesubjectline' with nearly all header lines except for received data x from being case-folded. I suspect that all those starting with 'xvm' are also being case-folded. When I experimented with random pairs of subsets in my test data, the false positive percentages (total unique fp), false negative percentages (total unique fn) were much closer to what Neal observed, but still appeared slightly better. Another run on a disjoint random pair produced similar results. In a third run with another set of disjoint random pairs, both false positive and false negative rates behaved in the same way. I am therefore confident that the random subsets I choose from my data will not significantly impact the results. However, given Jeremy's much worse results compared to Neil's, I suspect that I may have overtuned the algorithm to statistical quirks in my corporate data." }, { "body": "Eliminating 'mincount' results in a stronger attachment to infrequent clues, which can be unique to the corpus. For instance, when testing Ham trained on Gryndlplyx and a follow-up quote from another Ham referencing it, this may indicate a systematic bias in our testing setup as messages come ordered in time. In our test environment, we train on a random sampling throughout the entire lifetime of a message thread, so a new Ham situated within this thread gains benefit from messages that appeared both before and after it. However, in real life, it's likely that the false positive rate would increase without this effect. This is because at any given time, some number of Ham threads will be just starting their lives, and if they're at all unusual, our trained data will know little to nothing about them." }, { "body": "The use of all caps for headers such as 'Date' or 'Subject' is indeed beneficial, as SpamAssassin has a rule for it. Including headers like these can earn a few more points in its scoring system. Interestingly, I have observed that only spam collections contain these all-caps headers, whereas they are rare in legitimate messages, with less than 1 out of every spam message having at least one of these all-cap header lines. Although these all-cap headers may not appear frequently, they can still be useful clues when dealing with false negatives (fn rates). Even though the instances may be rare, such clues can help." }, { "body": "Dear Neale Picket, If it's feasible for you, consider utilizing the pickle store as it only writes to disk once, which can enhance performance significantly. However, I must admit that the data writing process is quite extensive on my end at the moment, and I can't think of any obvious ways to speed things up after the data has been loaded into memory. On my system, the current setup scores approximately messages per second, starting from a memory-loaded state. This initial wait for a full test run to complete might be inconvenient, but during that time, it processes one message more than times and trains more than times. Since I am not using this for personal email, I have no immediate need for speed optimizations. Guido will surely complain about the extra second waiting for his batches to score, but as he is the boss, he complains about everything. However, heed my words, profiling and making such optimizations are not on my current agenda. While I haven't profiled yet, I suspect there aren't any significant hot spots of long words with high-bit characters, which can be costly when it occurs, but it doesn't happen frequently. As a solution for non-English languages, this approach seems ineffective as it needs to be replaced entirely." }, { "body": "Hi Guido, It appears there are two classifiers, Neale Picketts' Hammiepy and the original GBayespy. According to the READMEtxt, GBayespy has not been updated for some time, and it seemed that way to me when I extracted the classifier from it. I don't believe anyone has touched it since. As for any features in GBayespy that aren't covered by Hammiepy, someone else would need to answer that as I don't use either GBayes or Hammie at least not yet. The only useful feature of GBayespy that Hammiepy currently does not copy is the 'u' function, which calculates spamness for an entire mailbox. This feature can be easily incorporated into Hammiepy, and it has been done now. GBayespy also has a large collection of tokenizers, but Timtokenpy rules the roost, so I'm not sure how interesting that is. If these tokenizers are found to be useful, they can be easily rewritten from scratch if needed. The small spamham collections in GBayes are also worthless. The self-test feature in GBayespy didn't do anything except print its result; since testerpy became doctested and verifies that some basic machinery actually delivers what it's supposed to deliver, I propose to eliminate GBayespy after adding the 'u' function. Is anyone against this proposal?" }, { "body": "I was wondering if the capitalization of a subject line can be used as an indicator, specifically for either the percentage of characters that are in capital letters or percentage starting with a capital letter if number of words > 1. For example, 'XXBrad Clements BKClements'." }, { "body": "Brad Clements is simply wondering if the capitalization of subject lines can be utilized as an indicator, either by the percentage of characters that are capitalized or the percentage starting with a capital letter. If you could provide a modification to the tokenizerpy for this purpose and test it later, that would be great. Note that the tokenizer already preserves case in subject line words because it was found to be better than converting case in this specific context. However, the experiment also showed unexpected results, as preserving case everywhere didn't significantly affect either the error rate. The subject line seems to be a unique factor for this." }, { "body": "Dear Tim Peters, If you still have the summary files, please upload them via CVS and try running cmppy again. During the process of generalizing cmppy, it seems that I made it skip over half the lines (oops!). Since I didn't have the summary files earlier, I regenerated them using a slightly different set of data. Here are the results: - False positive percentages: won won won tied tied tied tied - Times: won won times tied times lost times total - Unique false positives went from x to y - False negative percentages: won tied won won won tied won - Times: won times tied times lost times total - Unique false negatives went from z to y Please note that my test set is different from yours. In this case, all the email was received by the same account and it contains emails sent to me, not to mailing lists. I use a different address for mailing lists. If anyone comes up with more ideas, I will be happy to test them. Best, Neil" }, { "body": "On my box, the current system processes approximately 1 message per second (a rough estimate, as I didn't have a clock at hand). Surprisingly, without making any changes, there appears to be a speedup in processing." }, { "body": "Dear Neil, I apologize for the oversight regarding the summary files. I have regenerated them using a slightly different set of data and here are the results. The false positive percentages have improved as follows: won (X times), tied (Y times), lost (Z times) with total unique fp reduced from A to B. Regarding the false negative percentages, improvements were observed as follows: won (X times), tied (Y times), lost (Z times) with total unique fn reduced from C to D. However, it's important to note that while there was a significant improvement, these results may not be entirely accurate due to differences in our test sets (my set includes emails received by the same account and emails sent to me, not to mailing lists). Enabling the received headers works better for me and I noticed a substantial reduction in false negatives when I used this method. However, it's worth noting that the received headers feature is particularly powerful on one of my training sets and may not be directly related to 'BruceG'. It is also a strong spam indicator across all my training sets. Jeremy reported improvements only when using 'mboxtestmytokenizertokenizeheaders' instead of 'tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders', and suggested trying this approach. I would recommend testing both 'mboxtestmytokenizertokenizeheaders' in lieu of 'tokenizertokenizertokenizeheaders' and also in addition to it. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Regarding the packaging of the project in September, Guido van Rossum suggests we consider Barry's technique from the 'email package'. This method makes the package itself the top-level directory of the distribution, eliminating the need for an extra directory level. This is not a trick, it simply requires the 'packagedir' to be specified in the setup script. As Greg Ward humorously put it, 'a committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain'." }, { "body": "I prefer to strip HTML tags from my data, however, I encountered issues with error rates in my corpora when I tried this last time. Interestingly, your corpora seem biased towards retaining HTML, unlike newsgroup posts which have a social taboo against it. However, many people's personal inboxes are quite abundant with HTML. Acquiring a good 'ham' corpus appears to be a bigger challenge than I initially thought. My own saved mail doesn't reflect what I receive as I save and discard selectively, more so than in the past. The presence of multipart/mixed messages, text/plain brief texts with URLs, text/html long HTML copied from websites might explain why the HTML tags weren't stripped. I would again suggest adding an optional argument to tokenize so that they get stripped as well. If this suggestion is overlooked for a third time, it would feel like a loss. However, I am willing to try this approach. Let's see how stripping the HTML affects the false positive rate on this corpus." }, { "body": "Tim, I prefer to remove HTML tags from everything except in the last attempt it still had negative effects on error rates in my corpora. Your corpora are biased in this respect, but newsgroups have a strong social taboo on posting HTML. However, many personal inboxes contain a significant amount of HTML. We agree that comments in tokenizerpy emphasize this point strongly and I've repeated it frequently here as well. The issue was dubious while I was the only one doing serious testing, making the code clumsy for me to use on the clpy task. Getting a good ham corpus may prove to be a bigger hurdle than expected. My own saved mail doesn't reflect what I receive since I save and discard selectively more so than in the past. The system picks up on everything in the tokens. Graham proposed deleting messages as ham and spam, which might work very well for motivated geeks, but Paul Svensson pointed out they probably wouldn't work nearly as well for regular people. This explains why the HTML tags didn't get removed. I would offer to add an optional argument to tokenize so that they could be removed here as well, but if it gets ignored a third time, it would feel like a loss. It sounds like a good idea to remove HTML in this case. Let's see how this improves the false positive rate on this corpus. I will soon check in this change. In the 'tokenize_body' function, if a multipartalternative section has both text/plain and text/html sections, the text/html section is ignored by default. This may not be a good idea, for example, if the sections contain different content. HTML tags are always stripped from text/plain sections by default and from text/html sections as well, but this hurts the false negative rate on my complangpython tests where HTML-only messages are almost never legitimate traffic. If the optional argument 'retain_pure_html_tags' is specified and set to true, HTML tags should be retained in text/html sections. You should do a 'cvs up' and establish a new baseline first, as I checked in a pure Win change in the wee hours that cut the false positive and false negative rates in my tests." }, { "body": "If we decide to package this, it might be beneficial to utilize Barry's method you mentioned, Greg. However, please note that it's not a trick, but rather a process involving the 'packagedir' in the setup script. This approach unfortunately has a side effect of including all .py files within the package. For executable scripts such as 'timtest' or 'hammie', could we find a way to exclude them from being packaged? I suggest skipping them from the packaging process." }, { "body": "Regarding your concern about the automatic inclusion of py files within a package, it's important to note that this behavior is intentional. However, for scripts like 'timtest' or 'hammie', which are clearly executable, you might want to exclude them from the package. One way to achieve this could be by properly classifying these scripts as 'entry_points' in your setup file instead of regular module files. This would allow users to access these scripts directly without including them in the installed package. As for your question about adding a few extra files, while they are inside a package, it is indeed essential to ensure that the addition does not compromise the overall structure and functionality of the package." }, { "body": "Regarding your concern about scripts like timtest and hammie being included in the package, I suggest creating a 'scripts' folder for such files. By doing so, they will be excluded from the package and maintained separately." }, { "body": "Since I receive emails through multiple email addresses, I often get repetitive spam messages. In an attempt to save these spam messages for later analysis, I have not always been meticulous about avoiding duplicate saves. I wrote a script earlier to help minimize duplicates by calculating a loose checksum; however, there are still some duplicates present. My question is, should I delete the duplicates before training or not? I am open to sharing the script if people find it interesting. If you're interested, I can extract it from my local modules and post it on cvssk." }, { "body": "The first test results using tokenizertokenize were unmodified, while the second test results used mboxtestmytokenizertokenize and utilizes all headers except received data and xfrom. I suggest you try the latter again, but also call the base tokenizeheaders. I apologize for not having found the time to conduct any more test runs; perhaps I can do so later today. Jeremy" }, { "body": "Dear Team, I would like to request that we exclude Skip Montanaro from our data set. I receive emails through multiple addresses and often get duplicates or multiplicates of spam messages. I have written a script in the past to minimize duplicates by calculating a loose checksum but still encounter some duplicates. I am considering deleting the duplicates before training, however, some argue that the classifier should work best when trained on a random spattering of real life data, including duplicates if they exist in real life. I believe my script could be beneficial to the team, though perhaps for another purpose. Paul Svensson may find use in approaches that identify closely related spam as some amount of spam will inevitably end up in the ham training data. Any similarity score to a piece of known spam might aid in finding and purging it. Best, " }, { "body": "Your concern about installing additional files, even if they're within a package, is understandable. For me, it doesn't appear to be an issue at this time, but I can see how it might not seem clean or organized from your perspective." }, { "body": "I developed a script to reduce duplicates by calculating a checksum and although it has helped, I still encounter some duplicates. I am unsure if I should delete the duplicates before training or not. The classifier is believed to perform better when trained on a random sample of real-life data, even if that data contains duplicates. In my case, these duplicates represent the real-life situation. A more detailed explanation follows: I originally created a slightly different version of the 'loose_checksumpy' script to identify and avoid saving the same spam multiple times for later review. The term 'loose checksum' refers to the method used to try and prevent the saving of identical spams several times. The script is relevant, but it may have a different purpose. I am planning to share this script if anyone finds it useful. Paul Svensson might be able to use these approaches to identify closely related spam, for instance, some amount of spam will end up in the ham training data in real-life use, and any similarity score to a piece of known spam may aid in finding and purging it." }, { "body": "Regarding the script, Tim Peters has suggested extracting it and checking it into CVS if people are interested in September. I believe it might be relevant for a different purpose. Paul Svensson is considering real-world applications more than others, and he may find use for methods that identify spam resembling other spam. This could be particularly useful since some amount of spam will end up in the ham training data in actual usage, and any similarity score to known spam might aid in finding and removing it. Additionally, Paul is also considering DCC (Distributed Checksum Clearinghouse), which uses fuzzy checksums. It's likely that DCC's checksumming scheme is superior to anything we could cobble together for personal use, no offense intended. However, I have no personal experience with it. Lastly, Greg Ward states that if something cannot be expressed in figures, it is not science; it is opinion." }, { "body": "Hi Greg, I've been looking into DCC (Distributed Checksum Clearinghouse). It appears that the checksumming scheme used by DCC is likely superior to something we might put together for personal use. No offense intended, I wrote my script before I was aware of DCC and now it seems like overkill for my current needs. Best," }, { "body": "After significant modifications to the mail PythonOrg setup, I am now confident that I can instantly gather all incoming emails. The process functions similarly as before, with some changes in the absence of etceximharvest: 1) No longer checking for characters in the From header (most hits were bounces from Asian ISPs). Remaining issues should be handled by SpamAssassin. 2) Implementing Header Sender Verification to ensure a verifiable email address exists in either From, Reply-to or Sender fields. 3) If etceximharvest is present, ACLs add an xreject header instead of rejecting recipients or messages; these messages are then handled by localscanpy which saves them to the specified folder and subsequently rejects them with the error message provided in the xreject header. Localscanpy continues to check for viruses and spam (Scan for attachments resembling Windows executables, SpamAssassin), applying the following logic: Virus -> Reject | Spam -> Reject | Not Spam nor Virus -> Save. The largest folder will be accepted. Some adjustments need to be made to save messages effectively and distinguish personal emails. The delay in rejecting messages after reading headers and body could be problematic, especially for broken MTAs used by spammers that do not consider 'after data' as a permanent error but keep retrying. To mitigate this issue, I have developed an Automated Sender Blacklist (ASBL). This is a Berkeley DB file that stores sender IPs and addresses along with expiry times. When localscan rejects a message from a known sender, it adds a record to the ASBL for future reference. If a current sender has an active record in the ASBL, all recipients are immediately rejected without examining headers or body, potentially reducing server load and bandwidth. However, this may result in only one copy of each message if a spammer uses one SMTP connection per address. This could be beneficial for reducing server load but might not aid in training spam detectors." }, { "body": "In my recent tests, we've managed to decrease both false positive (FP) and false negative (FN) rates. Additionally, we've made the score distributions significantly sharper. Unfortunately, this means that the already scarce middle ground is becoming even less evident for Greg. The distribution of items remains as usual: Ham for all items, Spam for all items. This result is an aggregate of multiple runs, each involving training and prediction on clpy, ham, bruceg, spam. At present, scores for the nonexistent items like 'if aol were a car' are above the cutoff, so they are still classified as Ham. I have not removed anything from the Ham corpus since removing 'if AOL were a car' would not have affected the FP rate at all. Dropping the spam probability cutoff from its current value to a lower one would only add false positives, and dropping it further would only add more of them." }, { "body": "Tim Peters informed us that not only have we decreased both False Positive (FP) and False Negative (FN) rates in my test runs, but we've also made the score distributions significantly sharper. This is unfavorable news for Greg because the already non-existent middle ground is becoming even less present. Tim has begun downloading the SF code with no local modifications. He has observed the Ham and Spam distribution for all items. His next task is to complete the corpus, which currently consists of Ham, Spam, and some unsorted items. He's contemplating using either Hammie or SpamAssassin for the initial sort. In the past, he used various forms of grep for keywords and a GUI tool to prompt a message and let him label items as spam or ham, but this method has become too tedious. He can't make it available on a large scale at the moment, but he will look into finding some of the more interesting cases. An anecdotal observation he's made is that skip tokens tend to appear in many False Positives, mentioned by Anthony." }, { "body": "After the latest run of cvs up timtest fails with a traceback, the most recent call is in files 'homeskip/src/spambayesestimtest.py' line in 'drivensets' file, also in 'homeskip/src/spambayesestimtest.py' line in 'drive' driver file and 'homeskip/src/spambayesestimtest.py' line in 'init self' global 'hamhist' histoptionsnbuckets' options class object has no attribute 'nbuckets'. Running it as timtest from mail directory instead of src/spambayes directory causes this issue. However, if I create a symlink to src/spambayes/bayesini it works again. Shouldn't there be an 'nbuckets' attribute with a default value already set in the class?" }, { "body": "Dear Team, I am writing to inform you that my latest CVS run of timtest is failing with a traceback. The most recent call file appears to be homeskipsrcspambayestimtestpy, specifically the lines in drivensets, drive d driver, and init selfglobalhamhist histoptionsnbuckets optionsclass object have no attribute 'nbuckets'. I am running it as timtest datatimtestout from my mail directory, not from my srcspambayes directory. To resolve the issue temporarily, I created a symlink to srcspambayesbayesini which works once again. However, I believe that there should already be an 'nbuckets' attribute with a default value. I have not used configparser before, but from what I read it silently ignores files that don't exist. In this case, if bayesini is not found, none of the options will be defined. As you want to run this from a directory other than my spambayes directory, I recommend checking in changes to make this possible. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Tim, I have not used configparser before, but from what I've read, its read method silently ignores files that don't exist if 'bayesini' is not found. Since none of the options will be defined in this case, please note this. However, since you've mentioned that 'bayesini' is now embedded in 'optionspy', searchpath issues related to it should no longer cause problems here. The recommended way to customize the tokenizer and testers is by creating your own 'bayescustomize.ini'. Be cautious about potential searchpath issues with this method instead." }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Baxter, I've finished pulling down the SF code, starting with 'it', and no local modifications were made. In your output file, it appears that each run summarizes the number of ham/spam in the training set, prediction sets, and the error rates/run rates. However, the effect of set sizes on accuracy rates is not conclusively known yet. I've informally reported some results from controlled experiments suggesting improved accuracy by doubling the training set size, but this wasn't a fully controlled experiment as factors other than just training set size were changed between before and after. The ham distribution for all items and spam distribution for all items also differed in this period. My current task is to complete the corpus, which currently contains ham, spam, and approximately unsorted data. I'm considering using either Hammie or SpamAssassin for the initial sort, as my manual sorting (keywords and GUI) is becoming too tedious. Tagging data is indeed very tedious, and mistakes can be detrimental. I expect that Hammie will do a better job on this than manual sorting. Please pay close attention to the false positives and ensure the spam is removed from there. I cannot make the entire dataset available, but I will look into finding some of the more interesting and 'ugly' examples for you. One anecdotal observation I've made so far is that the skip tokens end up in a lot of false positives with probabilities favoring ham or spam. A skip token is produced instead of a word if it is more than characters long and does not contain any high-bit characters. It's possible that they helped me because raw HTML produces many of these, but if you're using the current CVS tokenizer, retain pure HTML tags by default now, so HTML decorations should disappear before body tokenization." }, { "body": "Dear Tim, I'm rephrasing your email for better clarity and brevity. Here it goes: In the recent training session, half of my spam and ham (non-spam) samples were used for training and scoring against the other half. However, some issues with HTML tags led to inconsistent results. I've fixed a bug that was causing 'ham' and 'spam' to be dropped, so this isn't a difference between runs. The distribution of 'ham' and 'spam' for all items remains unchanged, along with the false positive and false negative rates. Interestingly, the same false positive occurs in both the current run and the one reported earlier. It seems possible that the 'Nigerian scam' false positive found its way into the training data. Regarding your inquiry about Python training courses in the UK, Vickie Mills, a training analyst at our company, can provide more information. Standard Life Assurance Company offers these courses. For details, please visit our website: . We are registered in Scotland (registration number) and regulated by the Personal Investment Authority. Please note that calls may be recorded or monitored for quality assurance purposes. Lastly, regarding your email's HTML clues, it appears that Python is prevalent in them, with Anthony's trick accounts for nearly a third of these instances. This suggests that Python was found within URLs containing embedded images (gif or jpg). Two HTML clues remain, and the capitalization pattern in this email could be a potential spam indicator. Capitalization sensitivity matters as some unusual capitalization patterns are rarely seen in regular emails. Regards," }, { "body": "I've been using Hammie on all my incoming messages and I noticed that multipartalternative messages have no content, just the MIME boundaries. For example, 'Somebody Booga multipartalternative boundary' is a multipart message in MIME format, not textplain 'Hi there', not texthtml 'Hi there'. It seems to be coming out like 'Somebody Booga multipartalternative boundary' in my system. I fixed it with the following patch to Tim's tokenizer but I am baffled as to why it works. Perhaps there's some subtle interaction between generators and lists that I can't understand or something. In any case, be advised that Hammie will eat multipartalternative messages until this patch is applied. The patch seems rather bogus though so I'm not checking it in, in the hope that there's a better fix which I couldn't discover. Here is the patch to Tim's tokenizer: import email from html.parser import HTMLParser stack = [] def part_getpayload(): while stack: subpart = stack.pop() if subpart == 'text/plain': return subpart elif subpart == 'text/html': html = EmailHTMLParser(subpart ) text = html.get_text() return text stack.append(subpart_stackpop()) def part_stackpop(): top_of_stack = stack if len(top_of_stack) == 0: raise IndexError('Stack is empty') last_item = stack.pop() return last_item def part_getcontenttype(): if stack: return stack raise IndexError('Stack is empty') email_message = email.message_from_string('<YOUR EMAIL MESSAGE>') top_of_stack = {'payload': email_message, 'subparts': part_stack()} stack.append(top_of_stack) return part_getpayload()" }, { "body": "It appears that Neale Picket has encountered a possible complex interplay between generators and lists which he is struggling to comprehend. Given his confusion, any theory he comes up with might be quite far from reality. Just as he was about to doze off, he suddenly figured it out - the tokenizer now includes an extra ':' and everything seems fine now. He feels a bit foolish for not realizing this earlier and is blaming it on staying up past his bedtime." }, { "body": "On the subject of September, Tim Peters raises an interesting point regarding spam emails possibly having two instances of 'Return-Path' in their headers. This could be due to Bruce Gunter's Qmail collection or perhaps Anthony is correct that spammers are often unintentionally copying these headers. However, Tim questions the specific aspect of their lack of intelligence on this matter. Greg Ward humorously suggests that if you're a telepath, feel free to honk." }, { "body": "Anthony Baxter has completed training on the Hams and Spams datasets using RateSpy. The Hams and Spams sets were broken up, and there seems to be a problem with some of the other sets causing severe issues and inflating the False Negative rate across all predictions. The variance in results within each training set is considerable, suggesting possible systematic bias in the selection method. If the sets were chosen based on arrival time, it would be beneficial to randomly reshuffle them instead. If they were partitioned randomly, the unexplained variance across runs is puzzling. Hammie's performance is expected to outperform manual sorting. However, there appears to be a chicken-and-egg problem; we need data that is known to be correct for testing purposes. The current method has nonzero error rates for both kinds of messages, so using the SpamBayes code to determine whether a message is spam will not help significantly. It does aid in reducing human effort, though. Upon examination, many of the bad skip tokens seem to originate from uuencoded viruses within the Spamset. For some reason, there appear to be fewer of these in BruceGS's spam collection. Code has been added to strip uuencoded sections and replace them with uuencode summary tokens, but this did not make a significant difference on your usual test run. Only one spam message in your dataset is now incorrectly labeled as Ham by the other sets. This change shrinks the database size slightly." }, { "body": "The division of these messages into specific sets seems to be causing issues with the other sets, severely impacting the function rate for everything it's predicting. The rates across runs within a training set vary significantly (up to a factor), suggesting systematic bias in the method used to select the sets. If sets were chosen by arrival time, consider re-shuffling them randomly instead. If they were already partitioned randomly, the extreme variance across runs is perplexing. I am planning to develop a reshuffler and mix up the sets as a precaution. The files are organized in mh style folders with numbered files, making it easy for you to manipulate them using mh tools. It appears there are few such tools in BruceGS's spam collection. I have added code to remove uuencoded sections and replace them with uuencode summary tokens instead. This didn't make a significant difference during my usual test run, but it did reduce the database size by a few percent. Please let me know if this helps you. I will try it out Anthony Baxter. It's never too late to find happiness in childhood." }, { "body": "Neale Picket, I just figured out the issue with the tokenizer – it had an extra colon. Now everything is in order and I feel like a real fool for not realizing this sooner. Thanks for pointing it out Neale, good catch! Blame it on staying up past bedtime, or blame it on Barry." }, { "body": "Dear Tim, I'm looking into an issue regarding the occurrence of two instances of 'Return-Path' in the headers of some emails. Greg Ward suggests it might be due to a Qmail configuration from Bruce Guenther's spam collection, but it seems unusual as it appeared in about one-third of his spams rather than being typical across the entire collection. It could potentially be specific to one of his bait addresses, though this is unconfirmed. The interesting thing about statistical inference is that you don't necessarily need to understand why a phenomenon occurs, just whether it does or doesn't. Anthony's theory about spammers being 'stupid' and blindly copying headers may hold some truth, but the specific aspect of this stupidity is debatable. I will leave it for now as it seems another instance of being pointlessly baffled by a mixed corpus, half of which I don't fully understand." }, { "body": "Anthony, it seems that they were not organized according to any specific scheme. Anthony will likely develop a reorganizer and redistribute them all. How about you move all your files into a 'DataHamsterReservoir' folder and then run the 'rebalpy' script to randomly assign messages to the respective directories? I believe you can achieve the same result with your 'dataSpam' stuff as well, skipping the step." }, { "body": "Could you consider moving all your files into a single 'datahamreservoir' folder and then use the os.listdir() function to randomly shuffle their names in Python? After that, it would be straightforward to split the resulting list into 'n' slices and move the files into different directories accordingly. This method might help improve the performance of rebalpy since it seems to struggle with quadratic time complexity when dealing with a large number of messages. I believe this approach could also apply to your data spam task." }, { "body": "The files were not organized in any specific pattern. I think I'll create a reorganizer and move everything around for safety, just in case. I'm currently using MH style folders with numbered files, so you can manipulate the set using MH tools. It seems that there were some patterns to the 'on hams spams' dataset before the shuffle. For comparison purposes, here's what I observed: Partitioned into 'on hams spams', total False Positives, total False Negatives. For future reference, I had a False Positive Total and False Negative Total prior to the shuffle. Let me know if you need more information later." }, { "body": "Damian Conway has published an exegesis on Perl, which was posted by hfb on Friday. Additionally, Ziggy announced the Open Source CMS Conference also on Friday. For any changes or adjustments to your subscriptions, please visit your user page and log in to change your preferences." }, { "body": "This email concerns Damian Conway's publication of exegesis at the open source CMS conference, which was also discussed by hfb on Friday, August requests a discussion about this story. Additionally, J Rothfuss announced that there will be a second open source CMS conference this fall in Berkeley, featuring presentations and workshops from various CMS platforms. They are particularly welcoming Perl functions (Perl Fu) at this event. Previously, an open source CMS conference was held in Zurich back in March. For more information or to participate, please visit our list or our website: the open source CMS conference. You have received this message because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving messages from us, change your preferences on your user page. You can log in and modify your preferences there." }, { "body": "The latest strategy to oust the Taliban and Al Qaeda from the Afghan mountains involves deploying the ASF Alabama Special Forces. The following operatives are being sent: Billy Bob, Bubba Boo, Scooter Cooter, and Junior. Here's some information about them: They have no limits; their hunting season opened last weekend, they resemble chicken in taste, dislike beer, pickup trucks, country music, and Jesus. Some are gay, they don't enjoy barbecue, and notably, they were responsible for Dale Earnhardt's demise. We anticipate the operation to be completed within approximately two days." }, { "body": "Rob Windsor, Dave Bruce forwarded an email to Gary Williams regarding a peculiar promise made by three sisters who were all getting married in quick succession. Their mother had expressed concerns about their upcoming marital life, and as a result, she requested them to share a postcard from their honeymoons with some insights about their first experience. The first sister sent a card from Hawaii two days after her wedding, but it contained no message other than the brand name 'Maxwell House'. This left the mother puzzled at first, but upon finding Maxwell House coffee in the kitchen, she realized the daughter had used the coffee jar as a postcard. The second sister sent her card from Vermont a week later, and it bore the Benson Hedges logo, indicating her husband smoked that brand of cigarettes. Again, the mother felt a bit embarrassed but still pleased for her daughter. However, the third sister, who went on her honeymoon in the Caribbean, did not send a postcard until a month had passed. The card, written with shaky handwriting, revealed it was from British Airways. The mother then found an ad for the airline in her latest Harpers Bazaar magazine, confirming her fears. She fainted." }, { "body": "This week's newsletter on Slashdot is taking questions to be asked to Larry Wall on August. The summary of this story discusses the event where questions will be taken by pudge on Monday, August. Please consider submitting your questions if you are interested. This story is copyrighted by pudge, all rights reserved. If you wish to unsubscribe from this newsletter or make changes to your subscriptions, please visit your user page and change your preferences from there." }, { "body": "This week's Perl daily headline mailer has been posted on August, initially shared by Rafael on Monday. The summaries can be found at slashdot and questions are being taken to ask Larry Wall, as announced by Pudge also on Monday. Please note that the copyright belongs to Pudge, all rights reserved. You have received this message because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving these and other messages from Perl, or to add more messages, or change your preferences, please visit your user page. You can log in and adjust your settings from there." }, { "body": "The duty for a hammer (auction) at Langtrees Brothel, a well-known establishment in Kalgoorlie, Western Australia, has been won by conservative Member of Parliament Barry Haase from the Liberal Party. The highest bidder was the madam of the brothel, and he will be spending a day there as a slave for charity. It is hoped that this experience will provide him with an informed perspective on Australian brothels, thereby enabling him to make more informed decisions in his political career. Ms Kenworthy commented that Mr Haase, a member of Prime Minister John Howard's party, appeared relaxed about the prospect of working in a brothel, suggesting that he is capable of playing the fundraising game effectively for significant charities." }, { "body": "This email is regarding the post 'use perl daily, headline mailernet and perl working together' made by pudge on Tuesday, August . It has been copyrighted by pudge, all rights reserved. This message was sent to you as you are subscribed to it. If you wish to stop receiving this and other messages from 'use perl', please take the necessary steps to unsubscribe. To add more messages or change your preferences, please navigate to your user page and log in to make any changes." }, { "body": "This email discusses an article on 'Porting Existing Code' using CPAN Perl modules, which can be made automatically available to the Net framework. The technique involves creating small Perl-Net mediators and knowing when, where, and how to modify them. Pudge shared this story on Tuesday, August links can be found at devx. This email is copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. If you'd like to unsubscribe from this and other emails from Use Perl, or add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and make the necessary changes." }, { "body": "This email is about Perl daily headlines. It was posted by 'gnat' on Friday, August (specific date required) and is copyrighted under 'pudge'. All rights reserved. This message has been sent to you because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving this and other messages from Use Perl, please change your preferences through your user page. You can access your user page by logging in, and then modify your preferences accordingly." }, { "body": "The first two OSCON Lightning Talks are now available online from the perl.org website. The talks are by Dan Brian on 'What Sucks and What Rocks' and Brian Ingerson on 'Your Own Personal Hashbang'. To continue reading this story, please visit the link provided. This newsletter is copyrighted by pudge. You have received this message because you are subscribed to our use-perl service. If you no longer wish to receive messages from us, or if you would like to change your preferences, please log in to your user page and make the necessary changes." }, { "body": "This is a reminder that you are subscribed to the 'use perl' daily headline mailer. This post on the Perl ports page, shared by hfb on Saturday, August, was covered under CPAN copyright (Pudge - All rights reserved). To stop receiving this and other messages from 'use perl', or to add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page. There you can log in and adjust your settings accordingly." }, { "body": "CPAN, one of the lesser-known services, offers a page that provides links to ready-packaged binary distributions of Perl for various platforms, as well as other related Unixy software links. If your platform isn't supported, you might find links to IDEs and editors. We welcome any feedback on this page, either here or by sending an email. However, feel free to ignore any feedback that doesn't resonate with you. To unsubscribe from this and other messages from Use Perl, or to change your preferences, please visit your user page and make the necessary adjustments." }, { "body": "This week's Perl Daily Newsletter will focus on The Perl Review, posted by Rafael on both August and September. Summaries are back to our regular schedule as usual. A big thank you to Elizabeth Mattjisen for providing the previous reports while I was away. The story continues with a discussion on the latest issue of The Perl Review, which includes topics like 'Extreme Mowing', Andy Lester's article on Perl Assembly Language, Phil Crow's piece, what every Perl programmer should know about Java, Beth Linker's Filehandle Ties, Robby Walker's The Iterator Design Pattern, and a contribution by Brian D Foy. For more discussions, please check out the link provided. Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved. You are receiving this message because you are subscribed to use Perl. To unsubscribe or manage your preferences, please visit your user page." }, { "body": "This week's Perl Daily Headline Mailer for August and September has been posted by Rafael on Monday, September XX. The Perl review discussed by Ziggy on the same day is included in the newsletter. Please note that the content of this mailer is copyrighted under Pudge, all rights reserved. You are receiving this message because you subscribed to it. If you wish to unsubscribe or manage your preferences for future messages, please visit your user page. From there, you can log in and change your settings as needed." }, { "body": "Subject Line: Daily Perl Headlines and More This email contains news about Perl CMS systems posted by Ziggy on Tuesday, September , Perl Conference CD online posted by Gnat also on Tuesday, September , News about Bricolage escapes posted by Chip on the same day, and a reminder that all rights are reserved for the 'tools' copyright under Pudge. To stop receiving this and other emails from Use Perl, or to add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to modify settings." }, { "body": "Here are the rephrased contents of your email: 1. Title: Discussion on Perl CMS Systems and Perl Conference CD Online Ziggy posted a newsletter discussing two other Perl Content Management Systems (CMS), Perl CMS Systems and LJEngines, which makes for interesting reading. 2. Title: Bricolage Escape from CVS Repository Chip announced that Bricolage, a full-featured enterprise-class content management and publishing system, has finally broken free from its CVS repository. Offering a user-friendly browser interface, a robust templating system with complete programming language support, and many other features, it operates in an Apache mod_perl environment and uses PostgreSQL RDBMS for its repository. 3. Title: Perl Conference CD Online and Damian's First Public Appearance Gnat wrote about the online availability of the Perl Conference CD on perl.org. The email mentions that this was Damian's first public appearance, thanks to Daniel Berger for preserving the CD disc. 4. Title: Copyright Information The story also includes a copyright notice by Pudge reserving all rights. 5. Action Items: - To stop receiving emails from 'Use Perl', visit your user page and change your preferences. - To add more messages or modify preferences, go to your user page." }, { "body": "This email is regarding the Perl Daily Headline Mailer. Ziggy posted about a Perl meetup on Thursday, September . Please note that this copyright belongs to Pudge (all rights reserved). You have received this message because you are subscribed to it. If you wish to stop receiving this and other messages from Use Perl, or if you would like to add more messages or change your preferences, please go to your user page and log in to make the necessary changes." }, { "body": "This email is regarding a Perl meetup that has been set up by Ziggy and posted on Thursday, September . The first meeting will take place in September. I plan to attend the one in London to see how it goes, but I'm also interested in hearing any opinions on what this achieves that our existing Perl Mongers groups don't. Here is the related news story. Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved. If you no longer wish to receive messages from Use Perl or wish to modify your subscriptions, please visit your user page and change your preferences from there." }, { "body": "On September at Port San Luis, California, a whale suddenly breached and collided with a fishing boat, fatally injuring Jerry Tibbs, a restaurant owner from Bakersfield, California, who was on board. The incident occurred five miles off Port San Luis. The damaged boat was kept afloat by the remaining three fishermen on board, eventually being towed to shore by the US Coast Guard. The group had been fishing for albacore when the accident took place. After a search lasting over several hours, Tibbs' body was found. This is reportedly the first instance where a whale striking a boat has caused an accident according to Coast Guard officials." }, { "body": "This email is regarding the Perl Daily Headline Mailing List that Rafael posted on Monday, September. The summaries are copyrighted under Pudge, all rights reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it. If you wish to stop receiving these and other messages from Use Perl, or add more messages, or change your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and adjust your settings." }, { "body": "This week's newsletter on Perl will be published on Monday, September . Rafael has summarized some of the recent developments in Perl as September begins. Despite the changing weather, continue to work on some small tasks and a few bigger ones. The report is attached below for your reference. This story continues the discussion from last week. Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved. You have received this message because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving messages from us about Perl or to add more topics or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to modify your settings." }, { "body": "Dear User, You are receiving this message because you subscribed to our Perl daily headlines. The article 'dydnsorg offers free DNS to Perl sites' was posted by km on Tuesday, September. Please note that the copyright for this newsletter belongs to Pudge and all rights are reserved. To stop receiving this and other messages from us, please visit your user page and adjust your preferences accordingly. If you wish to add more messages or modify your preferences, you can do so from there. Best regards, Use Perl Team" }, { "body": "This email is about Dyndnsorg's offer of free premium DNS services for Perl sites. Starting today, primary and secondary DNS hosting will be provided to any domains associated with the Perl community. For full details, please read the press release. With this offer, you can prevent traffic loss to your Perl site due to failed DNS. Thanks for subscribing to Use Perl updates. To unsubscribe or manage your subscription, visit your user page." }, { "body": "The Perl Journal's Daily Headline Mailing has been posted online by pudge on Wednesday, September . The copyright for this content belongs to pudge and all rights are reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it. To stop receiving this and other messages from Use Perl, or to add more messages, or change your preferences, please visit your user page. From there, you can log in and adjust your preferences accordingly." }, { "body": "The Perl Journal has returned online as an monthly magazine in PDF form, posted by pudge on Wednesday September. It will now be available digitally, and the subscription rate is annual. They require subscriptions to move forward, though it's unclear if existing subscriptions will be honored or included on the site. Some interesting aspects of this change include a healthy dose of opinion, broadening of coverage including languages other than Perl, and potential expansion to platforms beyond Unix. This could potentially lead to a name change since diversity has always been one of TPJ's strengths by covering a wide variety of platforms. For more details, please visit the site. Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved." }, { "body": "You are receiving this message because you have subscribed to 'use Perl' daily headline mailer. If you wish to stop receiving these and other messages from 'use Perl', or add more messages, or modify your preferences, please visit your user page. You can log in and change your settings there." }, { "body": "Leon Brocard has made available the slides from his lightning talk at the London Perlmongers, which showcases the current compiler in action. You can access these slides right now by following this link. This story is copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. If you wish to unsubscribe or manage your subscriptions for Use Perl messages, please visit your user page and make the necessary changes from there." }, { "body": "Here are the daily highlights from Perl Mongers web site. A new post was made by km on Monday, September , titled 'Perl Mongers web site'. Also on Monday, pudge posted a debate group named 'Groups: Java vs Perl'. On the same day, rafael shared 'This week on September' update. Please note that these summaries are copyrighted by pudge and all rights are reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it. If you wish to unsubscribe or modify your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and change settings accordingly." }, { "body": "This week on the new Perl Mongers web site, the debate between Java and Perl continues. Leon Brocard has been working diligently to update the site, but we're still in the process of cleaning up data about the Perl Monger groups. If you notice anything that isn't quite right, please let us know. In the 'Java vs Perl' post by Pudge on Monday, it was suggested that older versions of Perl are often perceived as subpar without any solid evidence. You may have seen the article discussing Java technology outperforming Perl in pattern matching with large files. This has sparked some discussion both within Perl and on comp.lang.perl.misc. One of the main criticisms of the article was that the author failed to provide the Perl code he's comparing his Java results with. This story will continue this week. Also, despite many taking a break for Europe, smoke tests were running, bug reports were flying, and an appropriate number of patches were sent. Read about printf formats, serialized tied thingies, built-in leak testing syntax oddities, et cetera. This story continues. Copyright Pudge. All rights reserved. You're receiving this message because you subscribed to it. To stop receiving messages from Use Perl or to adjust your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to change your settings." }, { "body": "Subject: September Shoptalk - Various Topics Dear Sir/Madam, I must admit, I'm feeling a bit 'fuzzy' this month as animal rights issues tend to weigh heavily on me. This reminded me of Robin Williams' stance on nude scenes in movies as he shared with Entertainment Weekly. Speaking of iconic figures, Johnny Unitas was twice named the National Football League's Most Valuable Player and led Baltimore to victory in Super Bowl V - a significant milestone in modern football history, played as it was on artificial turf. Richard Burkard's observation about Unitas' death being announced by the Baltimore Ravens rather than the Colts, who now play in Indianapolis, raises an interesting point about historical legacy. The vice president, Dick Cheney, is currently residing at a confidential location for security reasons. The Bush administration aims to keep him out of reach from potential subpoenas. Lastly, Jeb Bush's daughter, Noelle, has found herself in legal trouble again. As a child, her father would often read her the bedtime story 'Goldilocks and the Three Bears', and it seems that she may have encountered three strikes herself. Best Regards," }, { "body": "You are subscribed to the Perl Review newsletter, which was posted by 'pudge' on Tuesday, September. If you wish to unsubscribe from this and other messages from 'Use Perl', or modify your subscription preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and make changes." }, { "body": "Pudge has posted about subscribing to The Perl Review newsletter. It is planned to release four print magazines per year if there are enough subscription pledges. You can now sign up for a subscription on their website. If they receive enough pledges, the plan is to produce these magazines in print. This story is copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. To stop receiving this and other messages from Use Perl, or to add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page and make the necessary changes there." }, { "body": "Paul Crosbie's email regarding William Knowles' subject: Revamp of Virgin's Latest Airliner - 'Claudia Nine': After passengers discovered that the tiny cabin on the Airbus was an ideal spot for joining the Mile High Club, the airplane is undergoing renovations. The plane, named after model Claudia Schiffer, features a mother and baby room equipped with a plastic changing table. However, couples have been misusing it by sneaking in for quick encounters. Virgin has replaced the table multiple times, despite the aircraft only being in service for a few weeks. Airbus has been requested to reinforce the table due to the frequent damages. German engineers responsible for the jet's interior were initially puzzled by the problem. They didn't anticipate this use of the table. The humor was not lost on them. The cost of reinforcing the tables is estimated to be around a certain amount. A Virgin spokesperson stated that those determined to join the Mile High Club will find ways, despite the lack of comforts. While we encourage couples to enjoy themselves, we discourage such activities due to air regulations. The new Airbus, with the teasing slogan 'Mine is bigger than yours', is currently used on flights to the Far East and US." }, { "body": "Did you know that you can determine, based on a person's skin, whether they are sexually active or not? Scientific research indicates that when women engage in lovemaking, their bodies produce more estrogen, which makes hair shine and the skin smooth and radiant. Gentle, relaxed lovemaking reduces your chances of suffering from dermatitis, skin rashes, and blemishes. The sweat produced during lovemaking helps cleanse pores and gives your skin a healthy glow. Lovemaking can help burn calories accumulated during that romantic dinner. Lovemaking is one of the safest physical activities you can engage in, as it stretches and tones almost every muscle in the body. It's more enjoyable than swimming laps, and you don't need any special equipment. Lovemaking has been found to act as an instant cure for mild depression, releasing endorphins into the bloodstream that create a feeling of euphoria and promote wellbeing. The more lovemaking you engage in, the greater the quantities of pheromones your body releases, which can drive the opposite sex crazy. Lovemaking is the safest and most effective tranquilizer available; it's times more effective than Valium. Kissing each day can help keep dental problems at bay as it encourages saliva to wash food from the teeth and neutralize the acid that causes decay, preventing plaque buildup. Additionally, lovemaking can alleviate headaches by releasing tension in the blood vessels in the brain. Lovemaking also functions as a natural antihistamine, helping combat allergies such as asthma and hay fever." }, { "body": "Dear Subscriber, This is a reminder that you are currently subscribed to the 'use perl daily headline mailer'. An article titled 'How much does Perl, PHP, Java or Lisp suck', posted by pudge on Wednesday, September , can be found in the links provided. Please note that these links and their content are copyrighted by pudge and all rights are reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving this and other messages from 'use perl', please visit your user page and change your preferences there. Alternatively, if you'd like to add more messages or adjust your settings, you can also do so through your user page." }, { "body": "Dear Subscriber, A few days ago, Pudge posted an article titled 'How Much Does Perl, PHP, Java or Lisp Suck?' on Use Perl Daily Newsletter. This topic was first introduced by Don Marti with the OSSucksRuleMeter and later updated by Jon Orwant and Dan Brian with some natural language processing. Perl Review creates attractive visuals based on searches from Altavista and Google. The findings suggest that not many people think PHP or Lisp suck, while a large number believe C and Java suck. Perl is generally considered somewhere in the middle. The question now is: Does Perl still suck as much as it used to, or has PHP surpassed it significantly? Discuss this interesting story. If you wish to unsubscribe from Use Perl Daily Newsletter or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in. There, you can modify your settings accordingly. Best regards, Use Perl Team" }, { "body": "This is to inform you that PerlQt Daily Headline Mailer, version posted by Ziggy on Thursday, has been released. This email is sent due to your subscription to this service. If you wish to stop receiving emails from us or would like to subscribe to more or modify your preferences, please visit your user page for login and changes. You can manage your settings from there." }, { "body": "A new version of Perlqt, a tool for developing UIs from XML using Perl, has been released. This was posted by Ziggy on Thursday September tools. It appears that this new version includes a Perl version for the development of UIs. For more details, visit <https://dot> (note: replace '.' with the actual link). Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved. If you'd like to stop receiving messages from us or to add/change your preferences, please go to your user page and log in to change your settings." }, { "body": "You are receiving this email due to your subscription to it. This message is about using Perl daily headline maileryapc and venues posted by km on Sunday's news, under copyright 'pudge', all rights reserved. If you wish to unsubscribe from this and other messages from us, or add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to modify your settings." }, { "body": "The Perl Daily Newsletter is requesting your attention for a call for venues posted by 'km' on Sunday, September for the YAPC conference in America. Please remember to review the requirements listed in the Venue module on CPAN and contact the organizers of past YAPC events. The Perl Foundation plans to announce the venue in November. This story is copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. If you no longer wish to receive messages from Use Perl or wish to modify your subscription preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and change your settings." }, { "body": "This week's Perl daily headline mailer for September has been posted by Rafael on Monday, September. It summarizes the recent 'Perl Monger Cull' as mentioned by Ziggy also on Monday, September. Please note that this news is subject to copyright by Pudge; all rights reserved. This email has been sent to you because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving this and other messages from us, or to add more messages, or change your preferences, please visit your user page. You can log in and adjust your settings from there." }, { "body": "This week's Perl daily newsletter discusses 'The Great Perl Monger Cull of September', which was posted by Rafael on Monday, September. The article summarizes the past week, highlighting that a significant number of Perl mongers appear to be European and have either moved to Europe or were otherwise unavailable. Interestingly, the number of bug reports remained at its usual average level. Ziggy's story in the news section talks about a decrease in the number of active local groups on the Mongers website over the last month. Efforts are being made to contact these groups to confirm their status. It appears that almost half of the listed groups have not responded to emails, and as a result, they have been removed from the list. If your local group still exists but is no longer listed, please let us know so we can update our records. Copyright Pudge, all rights reserved. This message is being sent to you because you are subscribed to the Perl newsletter. To stop receiving this and other messages from Perl, or to add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to make changes." }, { "body": "This is a reminder that you are currently subscribed to the 'Daily Headline Mailer using Perl and Applescript' newsletter, which was posted by 'pudge' on Wednesday, September . Please note that all rights are reserved for this link. If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving this and other messages from 'use perl', kindly visit your user page. From there, you can log in and adjust your preferences accordingly." }, { "body": "This email is regarding the article 'Using Perl and AppleScript with Web Services' posted by 'pudge' on Wednesday, September . The article, titled 'AppleScript and Perl Working Together', was authored by Randal L. Schwartz and can be found on oreilly.net. If you wish to unsubscribe from this and other messages from Use Perl, please visit your user page where you can change your preferences. To add more messages or modify your settings, log in and navigate to your user page." }, { "body": "This email is about the Perl Daily Headline Mailer, which Rafael posted on Monday, September. The summaries are copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it. To stop receiving this and other messages from us, please go to your user page and change your preferences there. If you want to add more messages or modify your preferences, you can do so from your user page as well." }, { "body": "This week's Perl Daily Newsletter has been posted on September. Rafael shared some summaries, making it a nice and engaging week with many discussions on various intriguing topics. The newsletter includes tales of strange bugs, fixes, and error messages. As always, the ongoing efforts to improve Perl continue. Feel free to share your thoughts about this story. Remember, copyright Pudge - all rights reserved. You are receiving this message because you subscribed to it on Use Perl. To stop receiving this and other messages from Use Perl or to modify/add more messages or change your preferences, please visit your user page. You can log in and alter your preferences from there." }, { "body": "The South Florida Perl Mongers Group has announced its first social meeting, to be held at Duck Tavern in Boca Raton, FL on Tuesday, October at . For updated news and events regarding South Florida PM, please stay tuned. This announcement was posted by Ziggy on Tuesday, October . If you wish to unsubscribe or change your preferences for this service, please visit your user page and modify your settings." }, { "body": "This is a daily headline email from Perl, announcing South Florida PM posts. This particular post was made by Ziggy on Tuesday October . The content of this mail and other future mails are copyrighted by Pudge, all rights reserved. If you wish to stop receiving these emails or modify/add more emails to your subscription or change your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to make the necessary changes." }, { "body": "Dear Chris, I wanted to share an intimate account of my life that's been weighing heavily on me. Growing up, if I weren't a boy, I wouldn't have had anything to play with. A girl recently contacted me and invited me over, but nobody was home during our encounter. My girlfriend often wants to talk to me; the other night she called from a hotel. One day, I came home early from work and saw a man jogging naked. He explained that I arrived home early, which made him feel compelled to do so. It's been a tough day. I woke up this morning, my shirt button fell off, and the handle of my briefcase broke. I'm afraid to use the bathroom. I was an ugly kid when I played in the sandbox; the cat would cover me. I could sense my parents' disdain for me. My bath toys were a toaster and radio. I was such an ugly baby that my mother never breastfed me; she told me she only liked me as a friend. I feel so ugly, even my father carries around a picture of the child who came with his wallet when I was born. The doctor entered the waiting room and apologized to my father, saying they did everything they could but I pulled through. My mother suffered from morning sickness after I was born. I remember the time I was kidnapped, and they sent a piece of my finger to my father; he demanded more proof. Once when I was lost, I asked a policeman for help finding my parents, and he replied that he didn't know if we would ever find them. My wife has forced me to join a bridge club, and I plan to jump off next Tuesday. I worked in a pet shop, and people would often ask how big I'd get. I went to see my doctor because I had swallowed a bottle of sleeping pills. He suggested having a few drinks and getting some rest. With my old man, I get no respect. I asked him how I could get my kite in the air, and he told me to run off a cliff. We have a dog we call Egypt because in every room, he leaves a pyramid. His favorite bone is lodged in my arm. Last year, they wanted to make me the poster boy for birth control. My uncle's dying wish was to have me sitting in his lap; he was in the electric chair. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "This email is regarding the 'perl daily headline mailermailing list'. Gnat has posted about a Judo movie being available on Wednesday, October. He also announced a news conference presentation of the same Judo movie on Wednesday, October. Please note that the news copyright is reserved by 'pudge' (all rights reserved). You have received this message because you are subscribed to it. To stop receiving this and other messages from us, please visit your user page and adjust your preferences. You can log in and change your preferences there." }, { "body": "The Judo movie, which was available for viewing at a conference presentation, is now available on perlorg. This is courtesy of David Wheeler who recorded Mark Jason Dominuss' session. The Judo presentation itself can be found online at perlorg. We appreciate David's efforts in recording this at OSC. The story will feature the Judo movie that was posted by gnat on Wednesday, October news. If you have any comments or discussions about this story, please feel free to do so. Note that this message is copyrighted by Pudge. All rights reserved. To stop receiving messages from usperl or to add more messages or change your preferences, please go to your user page and log in to adjust your settings." }, { "body": "Monty Solomon's new PC doesn't run Windows; instead, it operates on a Linux-based system called Lindows. This budget-friendly computer is available exclusively through Walmart's online store and challenges the dominance of established tech giants. As technology writer Matthew Fordahl points out, it has been decades since a new Atari or Commodore Vic could be had for less than these outdated relics were worth even in their heyday. The Microtel, with its Lindows operating system, offers a fresh alternative for consumers seeking to break away from the Microsoft monopoly." }, { "body": "A man, somewhat intoxicated, began talking to a young woman at a bar after several drinks. He proposed they buy their own bottle and retreat to his motel room, which she accepted without hesitation. The man then asked, 'By the way, how old are you?' She replied shyly, 'I'm thirteen.' The man was taken aback, exclaiming, 'My god girl! Put your clothes back on right now and leave here immediately! Are you crazy?' As she left, the girl smiled, leaving behind the remark, 'Superstitious, huh?'" }, { "body": "Gary, Nev, and Bianconi, regarding BC's history: Eat this root. This root is considered pagan. Say this prayer. This prayer is seen as superstition. Drink this potion. This potion is likened to snake oil. Swallow this pill. This pill is deemed ineffective. Take this antibiotic. This antibiotic is synthetic. Here, eat this root." }, { "body": "A security vulnerability has been found in the Perl 'safe' module. The issue arises when a 'safe compartment' has already been utilized, as there is no guarantee that it remains safe since code executed within the compartment can alter its operation mask. Consequently, programs that use a 'safe compartment' only once are not vulnerable to this bug. Below you will find the fixes for this issue. This story continues, discuss this story. Copyright Pudge - All rights reserved. You have received this message because you subscribed to it via Perl. To stop receiving such messages from us or to add more messages or modify your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and change your settings." }, { "body": "You are being emailed about installing Perl on macOS X, as this was posted by 'pudge' on Thursday, August . The latest release of Apple's operating system, macOS X Jaguar, surprisingly includes a relatively old version of Perl. In an article targeted at developers, I will guide you through the process of installing Perl on your macOS X system and provide a brief introduction to CPAN. Here is a quick look at this story; copyright 'pudge', all rights reserved. To stop receiving emails from Use Perl or to change your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and make changes." }, { "body": "The email reads: Four friends were golfing, and the first one said he had promised his wife that he would paint the entire outside of the house just to go golfing. The second one mentioned a remodeled kitchen for his wife, while the third said he had agreed to build a new deck. The fourth friend was surprised when asked what promise he made to his wife - he replied that he didn't make any promise because he simply set an alarm clock, woke his wife up and asked her if it was the golf course or intercourse, and she chose the golf course by asking him to wear a sweater." }, { "body": "To Nev, Dull, Mike Olson, Jim Frew, and Mark Mooney, Regarding your previous lawsuits against tobacco companies for causing lung cancer and fast food places for contributing to obesity, I presume I could file a lawsuit against Budweiser for the perceived unattractiveness of the women I've been with." }, { "body": "I have begun referring to the suggested action against Iraq as 'Desert Storm.' It seems reminiscent of a Microsoft product – expensive, many people are unsure about it, and there's a good chance it won't succeed. Kevin G Barkes" }, { "body": "You are receiving this email due to your subscription. The headline for Tuesday, October includes an article about 'The Perl Journal on the Ropes' posted by 'pudge', and another about 'Parrot with Pumpkin' posted by 'km'. Note that the links in the articles are copyrighted by 'pudge'. To stop receiving these and other messages from Use Perl, or to modify your subscriptions or preferences, please visit your user page. From there, you can log in and change your settings." }, { "body": "The Perl Daily Newsletter for this week features an article titled 'Passing the Parrot - Pumpkin' from km, posted on Tuesday, October . In this post, Jeff Goff, the current Release Manager and Keys and Source caretaker, is passing on his role to Steve Fink who has agreed to take up the position. Everyone is welcome to extend a warm greeting to Steve! Unfortunately, The Perl Journal appears to be in critical condition as per an article by 'pudge' also posted on Tuesday, October . Time is running out and we need your help. If you wish for The Perl Journal to continue its journey as the premier source for Perl coverage, please subscribe immediately! With a nominal cost of just cents per day, you can access top-notch Perl content anywhere. We require more subscribers to move forward with this endeavor. This story is copyrighted by 'pudge' and all rights are reserved. You have received this message because you are a subscriber of Use Perl. To stop receiving this and other messages from us, or to modify your preferences, please visit your User Page on our website where you can log in and change your settings." }, { "body": "The October edition of our foundation newsletter, posted by Pudge on Tuesday, is now available. This newsletter features an interview with Tim Maher, the winner of White Camel. If you wish to stop receiving these and other messages from us, or adjust your preferences, please visit your user page where you can log in and make changes." }, { "body": "Shelley found the content on FOAF this weekend to be a group of people experimenting with new tools. However, she's curious about how FOAF assists in aggregation. The inclusion of the author with each piece is clear, but she questions the need for additional information such as college and personal details like 'Seth's example'. She stated that she only knew you from your posts to this list, and after finding your website through your email address (burningbirdnet), she's still unclear about who you are, what projects you're involved in, whom you know, and why you contribute here. If there were a FOAF button on the feed from this channel, she could easily learn more about you, but as it stands, she's struggling to fully understand." }, { "body": "Dear , Jeremy from Yahoo Finance is providing a beta RSS feed for every stock. Here are the links for and . It's interesting to note that Microsoft doesn't appear very strongly in the web log world. I had an intriguing conversation about this with John Montgomery, whom I first met during our collaboration on SOAP in the late 90s. Web log software was one of the key reasons we were drawn to SOAP. Although we didn't connect back then, it's a small world! Looking forward to catching up again." }, { "body": "I have completed most of the development on my RDF interface for Python, which is called Tramp. If you are not using RDF or Python, feel free to skip this message. Due to issues with rdflib's organization at present, this new library abstraction might be a better option. It supports reading and writing values, along with unit tests, all while maintaining the familiar 'Tramp' flavor you've grown accustomed to. However, it also comes with an entire page of reasons why you should consider it, especially if RDF/XML has been giving you trouble or if you want to write Python code that is both standards-compatible and easy to work with. This library may solve the problems you have with dealing with data in a standardized way. As a bonus, if you can figure out why it's called 'Tramp', I will reward you!" }, { "body": "When can we expect someone to develop audio fonts? It seems long overdue." }, { "body": "I have received a very gracious invitation, and I truly hope to accept it. However, I feel somewhat conflicted as I believe others may deserve it more than me. The next few weeks are quite busy with Edward Tufte and Members Night in Chicago (Fri – Berkeley Bookmobile SF), Hoshana Rabba, Shemini Atzeret, Simchat Torah Jewish holidays, and possibly a need for accommodation in Santa Clara. I am also looking into the Bernstein's oral argument in crypto export San Francisco, and the DITTOUES arrival in DC as well as Lessig's oral argument in Eldred DC." }, { "body": "Meeting scheduled for Monday, September GMTNY Time with reporters who have blogs." }, { "body": "I am sending you Dave Winer's books that are sweet." }, { "body": "Synthesiser is an open-source project that enables users to incorporate their own footage, alternative audio, subtitles, and more into any DVD. This empowers individuals to create customized content such as improved subtitles, editlists for highlight reels of favorite movies, and more. However, it's important to note that this tool is considered illegal under the DMCA due to its capability to bypass the copyright protection mechanisms in pre-recorded DVDs." },{ "body": "Mon Sep, Sheila Lennon was assigned for The Times article." }, { "body": "Excellent article detailing a group of East Bay activists who refurbish old computers using semi-skilled volunteers and train others in the process. The reconditioned computers are intended for use by activist groups in Amazonian villages lacking electricity or reliable phone lines. The goal is to establish free computer labs in nearby urban centers, as many cities already have commercial internet cafes but their hourly rate of around a day's wage for most of the population makes them inaccessible. The IMC activists plan to transport these computers to Guayaquil, Ecuador's main port city by the end of September. Since the computers are not being sold in Ecuador and are being transferred from an American nonprofit to a local one, they will avoid international shipping duties. This initiative exemplifies what you call 'real free trade', as stated by Eddie Nix. Thanks for sharing, MarkoffCharney." }, { "body": "My home on the Style Networks TV show, 'Area My House', is being featured undergoing a Hawaiian makeover. The episode will air on Monday at PM ET. If someone could record it for me, I would greatly appreciate it as my cable service does not carry the Style Channel. In return, I'd be happy to send you a new t-shirt iron-on featuring a girl and her pet slug." }, { "body": "The ResearchBuzz team has launched an exciting Google API tool, named Census. With this tool, you can enter your search terms and it will provide information about how many of the results are in .net, .com, or other top-level domains." }, { "body": "The article discusses a scam expert's theory regarding a woman who physically abused her child, suggesting she may be a con artist associated with the Irish Traveler community. The theory posits that the woman became angry because the child exposed her scam at a toy store or because she was frustrated over not receiving refunds and took it out on the child. However, the author expresses curiosity about whether the Irish Travelers are unfairly stereotyped as con artists. The expert clarifies that while some members of the Irish Traveler community are indeed con artists, most are not, much like other Americans." }, { "body": "Deep-fried Twinkie concessionaires have gained popularity and are making substantial profits, despite their artery-clogging nature. This could be one of the biggest setbacks for the fight against obesity since supersize fries. Across the country, thousands of these gooey, calorie-laden snack cakes are being devoured at county fairs and restaurants. For instance, Rocky Mullen, who sells deep-fried, cream-filled Twinkies for us, reported that people drive for hours just to sample his Twinkies. As if Twinkies aren't sweet enough already, vendors such as Mr. Mullen add chocolate or berry sauce and sprinkle powdered sugar on top. With Hostess, the company that produces the snack, promoting deep-fried Twinkies at state and county fairs, a captive audience of junk food enthusiasts has begun consuming them in large quantities between pig races and tractor pull competitions. After deep-frying, a Twinkie is estimated to contain approximately calories and grams of fat." }, { "body": "It appears that the email is expressing concern over Amazon's intention to patent the web. Here's a potential rephrased version: 'The email seems to convey that Amazon is considering patenting the internet, which is causing some apprehension." }, { "body": "Aaron Swartz has compiled a FAQ on Warchalking, which clarifies common misconceptions and fears about marking and using sidewalk chalk to identify wireless connectivity points. While I'm not a lawyer, I believe there's no law against drawing chalk marks on the sidewalk. The practice is more akin to playing hopscotch than anything illegal. However, some might question its morality. It's important to note that Warchalking serves as a beneficial service, helping people find internet connections they may need." }, { "body": "Amazon.com is considering strengthening measures beyond the honor system to safeguard a payment method it launched online last year." }, { "body": "Over the past few weeks, I've had the pleasure of getting to know Phil Ringdal and our discussions about RSS. I appreciate him and I look forward to potential collaborations in the future. This is not a light statement. Tonight, Phil posted a note on his blog about giving up on trying to make sense of RDF within RSS. As I read his essay, I could sense two years of exhaustion. I left a comment expressing my thoughts, including that RSS is a compromise, it's primary purpose is for syndicating news feeds, and it's time for RDF to move on. I emphasized that they are not the same thing. In essence, I was asking for some respect for both RSS and RDF. Essentially, RDF should leave RSS alone, thank you." }, { "body": "The Amgold Lake Mountain in Colorado looks stunning, and there are numerous tranquil spots to rest during your stay. I'd be happy to provide more suggestions as you plan your trip." }, { "body": "Dear All, Janis Ian, a courageous and gifted recording artist and budding science fiction writer, recently conducted an impressive interview with the Slashdot community regarding her perspectives on the music industry. A noteworthy point she made is that, in today's context, diversity is no longer an option for record companies, especially the major labels. It seems they are clinging to their outdated business model, which is heavily reliant on blockbuster artists. The Linux Journal has published an article quoting Steven Levy's July piece that sheds light on this issue. The article suggests that the record labels are taking such a rigid stance due to their desire to protect their internet-challenged business model. Their revenue primarily comes from top artists, and if the industry transitioned to a more diverse landscape with independent labels and artists thriving, it could potentially harm the major labels who would struggle to rally support for the next Britney Spears. The evidence supporting this theory comes from the testimony of an RIAA-backed economist who addressed the government fee panel. This expert predicted that a significant downsizing in webcasting is unavoidable and beneficial because it will lead to market consolidation. In simpler terms, consolidation means fewer artists for promotion, resulting in less overall spending by the labels. A smaller playlist increases the likelihood that audiences will purchase something from that list since they may not find other options available." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, I said goodbye to my grandmother." }, { "body": "Google has significantly revamped Google News. The system now automatically collates today's top stories and gathers all the varying coverage of them. It works exceptionally well, thanks Nate." }, { "body": "Monday, September GMT - Paul will be participating in the interop." }, { "body": "Should we feature this September GMTCNN headline on our blog or not?" }, { "body": "Following up on my comment from yesterday regarding my next steps, I am now receiving job offers. This was unexpected but I'm liking it, particularly in these challenging economic times. On a different note, can you imagine me with a job!" }, { "body": "Is anyone aware of the reason behind the unusually large goat testicles pictured at the Massachusetts Eastern States Expo this weekend, along with a life-sized cow sculpted from butter? I was wondering if there is some specific purpose for these overgrown goat gonads." }, { "body": "Shelley Powers poses thought-provoking queries regarding the role of RDF in syndication. She suggests that RDF aims to construct a persistent database, known as the Semantic Web, while RSS focuses on distributing news with a limited lifespan. This comparison is novel and merits further consideration." }, { "body": "I've been learning a lot about FOAF (Friend of a Friend), an acronym that stands for friends in this context. It's an RDF-based file format, which enables navigating a network of people who are connected as friends. This is similar to a network of acquaintances." }, { "body": "Not supplied Homeland Alert is an OS X application that places a small icon in your menu bar, indicating the current national alert status. This is to provide you with additional information should you not already have sufficient worry or apprehension in your daily life." }, { "body": "I assure you, heavy medication and RDF should not be combined. Here are some items I plan to re-read once the fog lifts using FOAF and simply refuse trackback in less posts' comments, RSS feeds (phil), a summary of the basics of RDF, and advice about what to do with RDF it marks the start of an RSS best practices document. Jonathan is trying to attract 'the best and the brightest' by focusing on the potential of FOAF. I've shifted my focus away from yesterday's non-RSS as it will always be tomorrow's news, consider it 'today's newzzz.' Ignore comments concerning Ben Hammersley's friend's various ways to link to a FOAF file from an RSS feed. Nicholas seems enthusiastic about the web moving away from backward compatibility quite great, he thinks. We're working on a module for including copyright information in RDF documents like RSS feeds and FOAF files. Our intended audience is Shelley and we aim to address the growing identity crisis on the rssdev mailing list. Also, comments on Shelley's Ian Pingback are intriguing; its transparency to both new software makes it an excellent tool in web accessibility building. Here's a press release for a new edition of which I have never used forget Mars bars, Twinkies. Apparently, the secret to making a deep-fried Twinkie is to refrigerate it first to provide more stability. He then rolls it in flour, covers it with batter, and drops it into ..." }, { "body": "I apologize for any inconvenience, but unfortunately, my sinus infection has flared up again over the weekend in a severe manner. I'm currently coughing up dark mucus and other unpleasant things that are best left unmentioned in a public forum. I have a doctor's appointment later this afternoon which I should have scheduled during my previous illness, had I not tried to self-medicate. I am determined not to repeat the same mistake this time. Regarding the email issues from yesterday, they have been resolved and you can now reach me at my regular address. Kevin has provided another method for linking a foaf file to an RSS feed, which appears easier than previous suggestions. However, I share your concern about the numerous variations in expressing the same information, as this is also an issue in the Semantic Web where different programs can use varying vocabularies. This flexibility benefits producers but creates confusion for consumers who need to make sense of it all. In each domain, RSS feeds, foaf files, etc., there needs to be established best practices for clarity and consistency. We require more goal-oriented documentation rather than just reference or task-oriented documentation. The current documentation lacks a comprehensive overview and fails to answer broader questions in simple English. For example, the question 'Do I include personal information in my RSS feed?' is a goal-oriented question that requires a goal-oriented answer such as 'To link a foaf file to an RSS feed using this tool, insert this line at this specific location in your RSS feed with appropriate examples provided.' Anything less than this level of detail is like learning a foreign language by consulting a dictionary." }, { "body": "It is with great sadness that I share the news of the passing of renowned hard science fiction author Robert L. He succumbed to brain cancer." }, { "body": "Google PR sent an email today informing us about a potential new update. I may be slow this morning or perhaps spoiled, but I'm not quite understanding the significance of this announcement. After all, my personal setup already provides tailored content that suits my interests - it's not just a one-size-fits-all approach. Can you help me decipher this? I believe there must be some innovative aspect to it that I'm currently overlooking." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, San Francisco's JavaWalk is a coffee-centric, two-hour walking tour of the city center. Starting at Union Square, we meander through Chinatown, Jackson Square, and North Beach the city's Italian district while exploring San Francisco's profound coffee roots that predate Seattle's and delve into the city's vibrant coffeehouse culture reminiscent of the Beatnik era. Along the way, we uncover intriguing and obscure trivia and stories unique to this extraordinary city. JavaWalk also includes a few pit stops at North Beach cafes for a quick caffeine boost, given the year-round need for coffee in our cool maritime climate. We're lucky indeed! Thanks again for the opportunity. Best, " }, { "body": "The monthly search traffic for 'google' on September is as follows:" }, { "body": "Anil, it seems there's a way to distribute my content without altering its essence, as some individuals changed their blog templates last week in a manner reminiscent of Jason Levine's case, which they claim was more of an inside joke rather than a protest. The purpose of an aggregator and syndication is to make everyone's words appear uniform, but it's not mandatory to publish full posts; excerpts are the default in most blog systems. This might be an opportune moment to quote a Zen saying about detachment, though my mind is currently too foggy to find it. Timothy, you've been exploring formats like ffkar (formerly known as sam), and Nicholas has already implemented it. However, Movable Type doesn't support outputting dates in Unix timestamp, which could be a barrier to widespread acceptance. You express frustration with the ongoing conflict between RSS and other formats that keep evolving today, and I share your feelings. Today, I devised the Epistula Syndication Format (ESF) - it's not XML, not RDF; it's just... intriguing. However, this weblog does not support RSS, RSS2, or Atom feeds. If you wish to view entries, I suggest visiting the weblog directly and saving your quick scans for the New York Times and Wall Street Journal. I suspect this might infringe on some copyright laws or something, but here's a workaround using urllib: print urlopen(tag formats), where 'tag' is :identifier (with all occurrences of '.' replaced by ' '), findall(urllib.urlopen, 't')." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, Sep GMT, it has been confirmed that Bruce has successfully scraped RSS feeds from Google News. In essence, this means that we are free to utilize the features we're working on at Userland, and so is Bruce." }, { "body": "I require a lawyer prepared to argue that non-profit file sharing qualifies as fair use. I have a novel strategy, which is currently being developed. It should be noted that they are also selling merchandise and the platform functions as a weblog covering attacks on our rights. As per Dave Winer's statement, he is not afraid to defend this cause. I will now refer to these file sharing networks as 'fair use networks', such as my Limewire Fair Use Network or the Kazaa Fair Use Network." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, Sep GMT, Linux was identified as a significant competitor by Ballmer." }, { "body": "This post was entered into Radio using a batch file, parsed by some Perl script, cleaned up by Tidy and a custom C program, transferred to Intertwingly using scp and then ssh triggers unpacking at the destination site. A shell script then invokes indexing using Jakarta's Lucene, followed by a Python script that pings weblogs.com, blogs.tomstoppard.com, and rosencrantzandguildensternareundertalking.com. The statement 'Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are under talking to themselves is no madder than a man talking nonsense not to just as just as he does there' suggests the author might be raving." }, { "body": "There are several technological advancements that carry implications far greater than one might initially anticipate. For instance, Napster and IRC with a UI (Interactive Request Channel) are some examples, and Google is another. In its initial day, I've noticed the front page changes its editorial stance depending on the earth's location. By the evening on the west coast, Google News is dominated by the South China Morning Post and various Asian English-language papers. By the late evening, BBC and European papers start appearing. Although the site may be algorithmically generated, the choice of sites is rather arbitrary, particularly in determining what constitutes a news site versus what isn't. For example, certain newspapers are included, but what about sports sections like The Sun? Big companies spend substantial amounts on clipping services that send them copies of any press coverage they receive. With the rise of these services, they will need to find additional value quickly, much like the line dividing the day and night halves the moon or a planet." }, { "body": "Dear Phil, The purpose of RDF in RSS is twofold: 1. It's beneficial for individuals with an infinitely large database that can be queried infinitely fast by a schema-aware program. 2. It's useful for writing a schema-aware aggregator that can attempt to determine what it should do with new, unseen elements. This project has potential for success, but at this moment, I find myself tired of the whole thing and will pass it on to someone else. Aaron, if Python data is giving you trouble or if you're tired of dealing with contortions to manage data, you might be interested in a module that can help you implement the pseudocode from your slides. TRAMP may be the solution for these needs. For example, parsing FOAF files with this module can be done as follows: ```python from tramp import Tramp tramp = Tramp() tramp.parse_file('your_foaf_file.rdf') ``` Using XHTML authoring tools with XSLT to produce RDF syntax can be a bit tedious, but many people are willing and able to edit it by hand. However, RDF adds another layer of tedium that I find unmanageable. Regarding the obscure 'profile' attribute in HTML, you will find a cogent explanation of its use in my attached document. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "I'm affirming that I am under the weather, just as you are." }, { "body": "Please read the Pingback form for opinion. (Sent on Wednesday, September GMT)" }, { "body": "If no one is willing to express their views, who will stand up for our right to download content? I am not afraid." }, { "body": "If there's any doubt about your kind-hearted nature, let me clarify with a touch of irony. Despite the popular aggregator being NetNewsWire on this site, it is actually Radio Userland, my own personal weblog, that is more frequently used." }, { "body": "Starting from September, GM Technology Dot Com, CNET's Download Dot Com portal, will be introducing a new program for its software download section. From this date, software vendors will now be required to pay a fee in order to upload their products on the site. In addition to the individual fees, there is also an option for a monthly package that guarantees better placement and visibility on the platform." }, { "body": "It was frosty outside this morning at GMT." }, { "body": "The news that Macnet Journal will soon support OmniOutliner is certainly excellent." }, { "body": "In the relentless realm of web development, there is no time for studying; only time to act." }, { "body": "Tuesday, September GMTray Software Platform Please find below the rephrased email: Dear , This is a reminder that our scheduled meeting regarding the GMTray software platform is set for today, Tuesday, September . I look forward to discussing any updates and answering any questions you may have. Best regards, " }, { "body": "A Detroit bank secretary responded to an urgent business proposition and request for immediate assistance from a self-proclaimed Nigerian official, illustrating how the widespread email scam continues to function in today's digital landscape." }, { "body": "Tuesday, September GMT - Jeremy, please find below the details for Wholistic Web:" }, { "body": "I'm simply not finding much of Microsoft's current work particularly enticing." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, it seemed that Google's automated editors were found to be comparable to human competitors' work." }, { "body": "A few scholars have noted similarities between the strictness of OS X, which leverages its power from Unix and XML, and the rules of standards-based web development that emphasize doing things correctly rather than using multiple nonstandard workarounds. While the comparison is not without basis, we yearn for the flexibility and ease of use that OS X lacks, and no amount of logic can alleviate this sense of loss." }, { "body": "The email is about a helper application for the Apple DVD Player. This application allows users to capture screenshots of the DVD player viewer, both in window mode and full screen mode. The captured images can be saved as files or placed somewhere." }, { "body": "It appears that Google has struck a deal to index The New York Times. If you perform this news search and hover your mouse over the link, you'll notice a 'partner' attribute on the URL, similar to those in our system. Here are some potential implications: Martin Nisenholtz may now have an opportunity to engage in discussions with them." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, Sep GMT, a newcomer at the Davos forum conducts a swift reevaluation of Tony Blair's case against Saddam Hussein." }, { "body": "Dear Derek, Barbie has been transformed into a Bond-inspired character, reminiscent of James Bond Ken. This matured Ken features rooted hair with slight silvering at the temples, dressed in a midnight blue Brioni tuxedo - an authentic recreation of the classic tuxedo by the famed clothier. Linda Hemming, the award-winning costume designer responsible for this year's James Bond film outfits, has overseen this project. On the other hand, Barbie is seen in a striking blood red gown with a glittering gold lace overlay and a gauzy red shawl adorned with a gold filigree design. The gown features a side cut to reveal legs and an not-so-discreet hip strap that anchors Barbie's cell phone. The set is scheduled for release in November, aligning with the premiere of Die Another Day - the new James Bond film. So, meet Bond... just Barbie! Thanks, Derek." }, { "body": "Biotechnology researcher Alan informs you that your personal genome will be mapped for you. As geneticists uncover more markers linked to congenital diseases, you can compare these to your genome and gain insights about potential health issues such as heart disease, cancer, baldness, compulsive handwashing throughout your lifetime." }, { "body": "Subject: Apologies for the oversight - Reasons to Preorder 'Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom' Dear All, I'd like to draw your attention to a new preorder page we have set up for 'Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom'. Twelve esteemed individuals, including Bruce Sterling, Lawrence Lessig, Kelly Link, Mark Frauenfelder, Karl Schroeder, Rudy Rucker, Howard Rheingold, Douglas Rushkoff, Tim O'Reilly, Bruce Schneier, Gardner Dozois, Mitch Kapor, have each provided reasons why they believe this book is a must-read. Here are some of their blurbs: 'Disney imagineering meets nanotechnology', 'The reputation economy and Ray Kurzweil's transhuman future', 'As much fun as Neal Stephenson's Snow Crash', 'Packed with mind-bending ideas about social changes cascading from the frontiers of science'. I regret to inform you that due to an oversight on my part, a phantom entry from Dan Gillmor was inadvertently included. Upon closer examination, it appears I failed to deliver a copy to him as promised. My apologies, Dan. Kindly disregard the earlier mention of Dan's endorsement. Tim O'Reilly (Publisher and Founder, O'Reilly and Associates) Thank you for your understanding." }, { "body": "EFF is seeking a few compelling slogans for our upcoming banner campaign on network clients. If you have any suggestions, please email them to us or post them in the discussion link provided." }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to inform you confidentially about a new addition to the satirical genre of Nigerian money laundering scam letters. I claim to be the widow of the late President George W. Bush of the United States of America. I have managed to evade death squads alongside my husband and our children Jenna and Frank, initially seeking refuge in England, then Austria. Our wealth, acquired through legitimate means such as baseball, oil drilling, and insider trading, was confiscated by the new US government under the oppressive rule of Dr. Noam Chomsky. However, a few Swiss bank accounts containing Social Security Lockbox funds and the bulk of the budget surplus remain untouched. Unfortunately, these accounts cannot be accessed due to agreements between the socialist government of the USA and Swiss bank regulators. They have seized our ranch in Crawford, Texas, using it to promote homosexualist propaganda to schoolchildren. I hope this message finds you well. Best regards, Stefan" }, { "body": "The 'not supplied dvd capture' is an AppleScript for macOS that captures screenshots from DVDs. Normally, macOS disables screen capture while the DVD player is running, even if it is not visible. I have some home movies on DVD that I would love to get stills from, but I can't do so because of this issue. It seems that the DVD licensing board has forced Apple to disable this feature in such a way as to prevent me from capturing frames, supposedly to ensure that I never grab a frame out of 'Police Academy'. However, it's good to know that independent software authors are willing to help circumvent these restrictions and enable my hardware for this purpose. Thank you." }, { "body": "The Enron Corp material assets are going up for auction tomorrow, Wednesday. At the top of the list is the Enron E Lot E, followed by a large quantity of plasma panels, desktop LCD displays, boxes of Palm PDAs or Nokia cell phones, network equipment, wireless equipment, desktop computers, servers, monitors, printers, plotters - available in both bulk and individual pieces. Also included are Enron trade show trinkets by the cartload. You can either pick up the items in Texas or arrange with an approved party vendor list provided on the website to have them picked, packed, and shipped for you. To participate, please register, bid, and consume (pick up or have shipped). Thanks, Gregor." }, { "body": "The Horror Writers of America are organizing a charity auction on eBay to support American literacy charities. Among the items available for bidding, there is a rare softcover advance copy bound galley of Thomas Harris's 'The Silence of the Lambs', issued by St Martin's Press in the first U.S. hardcover edition. Additionally, up for grabs is a bundle of limited-edition prints depicting scenes from Stephen King novels such as 'Carrie' and 'The Shining'." }, { "body": "Ben Hammersley shares a parable about design specifications comparing Roman chariots and the space shuttle. The story has a mythical feel to it, but it's an engaging read nonetheless. The standard railroad gauge distance between the rails in the U.S., which is 4 feet 9.25 inches, seems odd. This gauge was used because it was the way they built them in England, and American railroads were constructed by English expatriates. They used this gauge because the first rail lines were built by the same people who built pre-railroad tramways, and that was the gauge they used. The tramway builders used this gauge because the jigs and tools they used for building wagons with that wheel spacing were also used in building the tramways. Interestingly, the wagons had that particular odd spacing to prevent wagon wheels from breaking on some of the old long distance roads in England, due to the spacing of the wheel ruts. Although Snopes suggests it's a myth, their notes indicate that it's largely true, although subject to interpretation." }, { "body": "The British government has extended an invitation to the local counterpart of the RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) to finance an anti-piracy position, as Mr. Fox refers to it. Here are the keys for your order from the UK music industry. They will be co-funding a new post at the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DCMS). This post will serve as a liaison between the government and the industry in the fight against music piracy, through Mr. Fox's efforts." }, { "body": "Dear Mark, Moller, a public company based in Davis, California, has developed an innovative product - a flying car. This is no ordinary vehicle; Moller International has created the world's first feasible and personally affordable Vertical Takeoff and Landing (VTOL) vehicle, known as the Volantor, or Skycar. As you may recall, it was only a matter of time before the demand for a flying machine to replace traditional automobiles arose. This new mode of transportation would undeniably need to be VTOL-capable, easy to maintain, cost-effective, and reliable. We at Moller International are confident that we have found the solution. We present to you, our creation - the Volantor, or Skycar." }, { "body": "A federal judge has concluded that El Paso, the gas pipeline manager, deliberately restricted natural gas supplies to California, leading to exorbitant prices, rolling blackouts, and smug remarks from the Cato Institute's spokespeople. Californians were sitting on a substantial dotcom era tax surplus before it was drained by this manufactured crisis. If Governor Davis were in my position, he would seize every private pipeline, powerline, and power plant, and hold them ransom until the energy industry repays every penny they extorted from the state." }, { "body": "The newzoid program creates false Miss Universe competitions, Isidore Rumsfield advises that aspirin may lower Alzheimer's risk, an editorial criticizes a stressed computer system, there's talk of a new TV show, Al Gore is seeking information about it, nurses are being provided their own passports regarding Iraq actions, the US has been indicted for involvement in slavery fights, and Lisa Riley has expressed her thoughts below - all amidst ongoing chaos. Thank you." }, { "body": "Matt Warchalking Jones has proposed a concept for the latest Viridian design, which he has named 'Von Neumann's Friend'. Thank you." }, { "body": "One of the most peculiar points made during the Cato Institute debate was an economist's assertion that a fundamental principle in our profession is that people won't pay for something they can get for free. This was countered using the example of bottled water, suggesting that it's more reasonable to think that high-quality professional content like The New York Times, which is distributed physically across the country and can be purchased, also thrives online due to a peer-to-peer downloading system known as the web. Contrarily, the exact same content is available for free by simply typing keywords into search engines. It seems that those at The New York Times may not fully grasp the intricacies of the internet or something more. Furthermore, there are numerous examples of successful shareware markets, the Baen Free Library, Janis Ian's work, and countless other websites where content is freely available. Another common claim is that no one will create if they can't get paid. However, I would like to introduce you to the concept of free software and nearly every blog on the planet." }, { "body": "Thank you for bringing this to my attention regarding the Yale Law School article concerning The Wayback Machine's removal of articles about Scientology, while LawMeme is still in the dark about the specific details of Scientology's request to the Internet Archive, particularly the scope of websites affected. However, we are aware that the Internet Archive is preventing access to all archived versions of one of Scientology's leading critics and the main focus of the Google affair, XenuNet." }, { "body": "The following is a rephrased version of the email: Wednesday, September 1st - Subject: Editorial Stars for Jouebs" }, { "body": "The trackback mechanisms have not yet attained the essential critical mass to observe the detrimental effects observed in all other community models." }, { "body": "I'd like to inform you that the current version of OmniOutliner is capable of reading and writing OPML. This means, for instance, that with a simple script (either a radio script or an AppleScript), OmniOutliner can be used as an instant tool for your needs." }, { "body": "It is difficult to predict exactly when spambots for auto pingback generators will appear, but as technology continues to evolve and security measures become more complex, it is important to stay vigilant and take necessary precautions to protect against potential threats." }, { "body": "Dear Jeremy, I hope this email finds you well. I'm writing to discuss my current situation at Silicon. It appears that the company which I joined has lost its knack for innovation and taking calculated risks. I guess it's just 'yippee' for another day of routine. Best regards," }, { "body": "A new KPMG study suggests that the RIAA and its member companies are harming themselves by primarily focusing on suppressing file-sharing, rather than finding profitable methods for it. To combat copyright pirates who jeopardize their businesses, media companies should reduce emphasis on safeguarding digital content and instead explore earning income from digital music and movies. This is according to a study published on Wednesday by KPMG, alluding to the defunct music swap site Napster. The absence of this issue in boardrooms indicates potential issues within those boardrooms, as stated by Steve." }, { "body": "According to recent study findings, pets are not just good companions for their owners, but they may also aid in stress reduction." }, { "body": "I will be delivering a talk at the University of Texas, Austin this Friday on Hollywood's legislative agenda. The event is sponsored by EF-Austin ActLab and ACLU Texas. I would be delighted if you could join me." }, { "body": "On Thursday, I am addressing the negative feedback regarding RSS head-on. This will lead us to an interesting place. I've subtly hinted at our destination in the design of the blog channel, which is modeled after the syndication system designed by the RDF community. The discomfort expressed about RSS is an opportunity for them to take control and make it their own instead of feeling powerless. Instead of compromising earlier as I initially saw potential for, we will reach this compromise later. While it may not seem like a big deal now, consider how much better it will be when we all advocate the same format. Visualize peace that was essentially my approach when designing the spec. It's hard to swallow, but trust me, if I could do it, so can you." }, { "body": "Excellent article on the pulp comic characters featured in the latest series of Alan Moore's League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, specifically Tom Strong. The characters such as The Terror and The Fighting Yank are in the public domain due to their original publishers failing to register or renew their copyright. This ambiguity regarding their intellectual property rights has given these characters a new opportunity to shine in Tom Strong. The article also delves into an insightful discussion about the concept of the public domain. The piece was recently featured on Slashdot, so it might take some time to load but it's definitely worth the wait." }, { "body": "Here's a rephrased version of your email: Dear Recipient, For most of my life, I've found it inaccurate when Americans express their affection for their country by saying 'we love our country'. However, I must admit that the United States holds a special place in my heart. It has provided me with life, education, role models, and a philosophy. If you believe we are ignorant or decadent, I would advise against antagonizing us, as we are indeed formidable. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Brian, I am excited to inform you about our latest innovation from Vocera Communications - a lightweight lapel communicator device inspired by Star Trek's design, utilizing Wi-Fi for voice transmission across networks. The system includes Vocera Server software installed on a customer premise server and Vocera Communications badges that function over a Wireless LAN. Each badge, weighing less than ounces, comes equipped with a microphone, speaker, LCD readout for displaying text messages, and an integrated wireless radio. It can be conveniently clipped to a shirt pocket or collar, or worn on a lanyard. Looking forward to your feedback." }, { "body": "THU Sep GMT is back, meaning it's Thursday in Greenwich Mean Time." }, { "body": "Dear Team, Could you please clarify how to maintain RDF (Resource Description Framework) and RSS (Really Simple Syndication) in our system? Best regards," }, { "body": "Yesterday's heart checkup results: I managed to go for seven minutes on the treadmill, which was a positive sign. My heart raced as it hadn't since my college days. They also performed an extensive ultrasound on my carotid arteries in my neck, which supply blood to my head. Fortunately, they were found to be clear of plaque and healthy. This is good news because it reduces the risk of a stroke. However, I was diagnosed with Coronary Artery Disease, not general artery disease. While there isn't a lot that can be done about this condition, it's reassuring since there are treatments available for heart issues. Unfortunately, a small part of my heart isn't functioning optimally. The reasons could range from fixable to non-fixable. When I asked the doctor if this means I have less time to live or need to restrict my activities, he said no in both cases. So, it seems there's not much more to it than keeping a watch for recurring symptoms similar to those that hospitalized me in June. If they return, an angiogram and possibly an angioplasty might be necessary, but the chance of another bypass due to this issue is small, which is quite relieving." }, { "body": "On September 3rd (GMT), Jon Hanna stated on the rssdev list that RSS was not intended to be useful for bloggers, aggregators, or metadata providers. This statement is incorrect; half of RSS, specifically Scripting News, was designed specifically to model a weblog in XML." }, { "body": "The House Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet has scheduled a hearing on the issue of piracy of intellectual property on peer-to-peer networks. This event will take place at the Rayburn House Office Building on Thursday, September . The Berman-Coble bill will be under discussion during this hearing, which is open to the press." }, { "body": "Gracie never ends a sentence where God has left room for continuation" }, { "body": "Email from Hillary Rosen to Executives at Yahoo!, AOL, and Microsoft regarding a strategy to address the multitude of Morpheus and Kazaa users. Is this communication authentic?" }, { "body": "Establishing stronger connections between Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and file-sharing companies could fortify Kazaa's defenses." }, { "body": "Sept 2nd GMT, Ben Silverman, publisher of Dotcom Scoop, confirms that the Rosen email is authentic and forms part of a confidential internal document detailing RIAA's legal strategy concerning Kazaa Music City and Grokster." }, { "body": "Cory Doctorow will discuss issues with the Berman Bill, while his host subscribes to the EFF Action Center. If you're using Windows Media Player on a Windows system, you can also listen in as they discuss the problems. Unfortunately, it appears that the Mac version does not have the necessary codec for the sound. The event reminds me of a dream I had where I went to DC to witness the Eldred argument and also dropped by a party celebrating it. In my dream, the Supreme Court was indeed expected to reverse the court below, as the Solicitor General in my dream found very little positive to say about the CTEA adsit omen. Donna of copyfight has linked to fair use, and an archived stream of the Tauzin hearing will be available." }, { "body": "John, I wanted to inform you that your cable box was upgraded to a digital system yesterday." }, { "body": "Morten Frederiksen has initiated a first draft of a real-time social network explorer using FOAF files. You can start exploring from there or input your own FOAF file's URL at the bottom of the page. Despite being heavy on technical details, the potential is evident. This tool also serves as a useful debugging method for manually added data in your FOAF file. Currently, we require someone to develop a spider that traverses links and generates visually appealing social network diagrams, enabling us to better comprehend complex relationships." }, { "body": "This email introduces a new approach to interacting with map navigation software, referred to as the Blind Audio Tactile Mapping System. This system converts digital map data into non-visual feedback for users as they move a cursor across the screen." }, { "body": "Over the past few days, I had an unfortunate incident where I fell off a truck and was dragged for several feet. Coincidentally, I was also interviewed by an NPR show around the same time. These two events are unrelated, except that they both occurred to me and left me feeling queasy. Additionally, I have drafted a plan outlining the rest of my days." }, { "body": "Here's an astonishing account of India's dabba wallahs meal delivery system that surpasses FedEx. This remarkable process employs pictogram-adorned bicycles, even among the largely illiterate workforce who are well-compensated for their role in the tiffin distribution. In Mumbai, meals are collected from commuters' homes well after they've departed for work. These meals are then delivered on time and subsequently picked up again before the commuters return home. Each tiffa carrier (the boxes used) is marked with a series of symbols identifying its originating and destination stations, as well as the specific address it needs to reach. After the carriers are collected, they're taken to the nearest railway station, sorted according to their destinations, and then redistributed to the correct street addresses and floors upon arrival at the destination station. This efficient system relies on a network of multiple dabba wallahs, with a single tiffin box potentially being passed through three hands during its journey from home to office. Thank you, Tom." }, { "body": "It appears that many users are failing to grasp the essence of Phoenix, as evidenced by the feedback on Mozilla. Let me clarify a point: if you find Mozilla's current UI satisfactory, then it is evident that Phoenix is not intended for you. To help determine whether Phoenix aligns with your needs, I've prepared a quiz. For instance, the toolbar and sidebar are essential to my daily workflow, particularly when using Bugzilla. Do others universally use Bugzilla? The sidebar is indispensable for me due to my screen resolution limitations. I require the flexibility to float and dock all panels, including splitters between them, to monitor web page progress for individual HTML panels and manage my email entirely within the sidebar. Auto-fill is not useful unless I can fill out pages of personal information automatically. Downloads should be organized in a tree view with progress meters visible in columns. Toolbars should be fully customizable, dockable to all four screen corners, floatable outside the window, and support custom commands. Additionally, they should allow me to edit existing buttons/commands, create my own toolbars, place toolbars on the same line, and edit the submenus and context menus of items including those on the menu bar. Lastly, Phoenix should offer capabilities beyond simply browsing my file system; it should also cook dinner, wash my car, walk my dog, do my taxes, mow my lawn, and be customizable to a reasonable extent. Furthermore, while composer should always be available within the browser, it should not be confined to a single location. Instead, I propose that composer options be scattered throughout the UI for ease of access. Regarding your concern about mail being part of the browser program, they are fundamentally different applications. However, Phoenix's UI will not be controlled by Netscape. This presents an opportunity for core Mozilla Navigator developers to construct their dream browser without having to cater to conflicting pressures from various factions within Netscape. Lastly, Phoenix aims to provide a scalable solution. By implementing features as optional add-ons, users can customize the complexity of their browser according to their preferences, without being forced to accept geek features by default." }, { "body": "The issue at hand concerns enabling different toolbar modes, a fundamental browser feature that has been absent from Navigator for years. Even simplified browsers like Chimera have this capability. Neil did commendable work on this and his code was finally implemented; however, it increased startup time and window loading slightly. As a result, it was rolled back due to Mozilla's strict policy against regressions. While this policy is beneficial in many ways, I believe it overlooks the point. There is a tendency when developing applications to add features with each new software version, but seldom do you see features removed. Over time, applications become increasingly bloated, relying on faster machines and more memory to function effectively. This email is a metaphorical illustration of this issue: as an elevator that stops at each floor, collecting more and more passengers (features), until it becomes too heavy and the support cable snaps, causing everyone to perish. We need to forcibly remove unnecessary features from Mozilla, replace them with essential ones, cull out failed features, and make certain they are not present in Mozilla. Furthermore, we should make more of the features optional plugins, allowing tech-savvy users with powerful machines to download them independently if desired. By actively combating bloat, we can eventually create an exceptional Mozilla browser." }, { "body": "It appears that the individuals you are referring to as 'ducttapers' are actually enthusiasts of a practice known as 'bondage', which involves tying or taping each other for aesthetic or erotic purposes. Your message seems to suggest that they engage in this activity with the primary intent of testing the strength and durability of the materials used. However, it is important to note that the act you are describing is not considered mainstream, but rather a specific aspect of the broader BDSM community." }, { "body": "Tony Davis stated that Mozilla indeed took some limelight away from Netscape, but had Netscape added significant enhancements to its product, perhaps it wouldn't have happened. Analogously, if Netscape hadn't removed valuable features from Mozilla, there might have been a preference for using Netscape over Mozilla." }, { "body": "Regarding your email about Mozilla, I appreciate your insights and acknowledging the compelling points MPT has made. However, it's important to remember that everyone may not have the same top ten problems with Mozilla. For instance, while I agree that the chrome structure is restrictive, we might differ on the proposed default configuration. Nevertheless, the need for customizable toolbars to address this issue seems agreed upon. On speed, reducing bloat by minimizing unnecessary UI and features can indeed improve performance. The text editing issue in Chimera, specifically the buggy, slow, and misbehaving textfield widget, you find to be its top usability problem. I concur with your assessment here. In terms of message display, there's no argument. Search functionality needs improvement, though it might not be in my top ten. The menu structure issue aligns with your blog post about separating apps, simplifying the menus would indeed make them more manageable. Migration is a problem, but I don't consider it one of the top ten facing Mozilla at this time. Regarding context menus, while MPT complains about two-click context menus, adhering to the conventions of the operating system seems sensible. Validation errors and preferences are less directly related to usability for the average user, but I understand your point that they could be higher on the list due to their complexity. Separating preferences for individual apps into unique dialogs would simplify things significantly, and reducing unnecessary preferences in the GUI is also advisable." }, { "body": "Dear Mark, Some terms in this message are from the new concise Oxford English Dictionary. They include asylum seeker, economic migrant, bedblocking, stakeholder pension, bunnyhugger (a conservationist or animal lover), chick flick (a film appealing to women), gearhead (a car enthusiast), and Grinch (a spoilsport or killjoy). These terms span the serious side of life as well as a more lighthearted perspective. It is worth noting that several entries point to the widespread appeal of science fiction, such as TARDIS from Doctor Who, Jedi from Star Wars, and Klingon from Star Trek. Best regards," }, { "body": "We have been contemplating the addition of custom fields, but historically I have been against it due to concerns about misuse. People may add excessive fields to their bug databases, making entering a bug like applying to Harvard, resulting in fewer bugs being reported. However, we understand that this request is specific and likely relevant only for a small percentage of bugs. Our initial thought is that the programmer or assignee could review the bug first, and if they believe it might be related to DLL versions, they can then request the necessary information from the originator. Similar concerns have been raised about adding fields for operating system version or other specific details, as this may lead to a reduction in the number of bug reports. If the bug is OS-dependent, this information can be included in the text description. However, searching for bugs that occur only on certain operating systems with custom fields isn't practical because not every bug has been regressed on every version of every operating system. Our goal with a bug tracking database is to keep track of bugs efficiently rather than making it easy to find them. Despite this, many customers evaluating our product consider the lack of custom fields a significant weakness. We are currently assessing whether to implement this feature and would appreciate your feedback on why you need it." }, { "body": "Eddie Kessler indicates that finding the appropriate pricing for a software platform is crucial to Ray Ozzie. This can be interpreted as saying he understands the importance of making platforms affordable and widely available, but finds it challenging to implement this due to the need for the platform's price to maintain its perceived value and create substantial profit margins before widespread adoption. He also seems to acknowledge that lowering the price on your only product could lead to a revenue decrease, potentially displeasing investors and leading to financial instability." }, { "body": "I am elated with validation at this moment, as my criticisms about Netscape versus Mozilla prove to be spot on. I had warned Netscape management that if their beta didn't include popup blocking, CNET would write an article about it; and indeed, the article appeared just as I predicted. In my blog, I highlighted two primary issues with installing Netscape: the absence of popup blocking and the intrusive advertising spam on the desktop and toolbars. I urged Netscape to address these problems, but they refused to listen. Now, take a look at this CNET highlight that points out the downside of Netscape - it displays AOL ads everywhere, doesn't allow you to turn off popup windows like Mozilla does, consumes excessive disk space, and more. Many other engineers at Netscape, as well as managers, shared my concerns and fought to rectify these problems; however, we consistently lost every battle. The simple truth is that the individuals in charge of Netscape's browser are incompetent; they either lack the understanding of how to create a good browser or simply don't care. Their engineers tell them what they are doing wrong, yet they fail to listen. Perhaps you will pay heed to the public opinion; after all, eWeek's article titled 'Netscape Shrivels Under Mozilla's Shadow' should be enough for you to take notice now. If they do, it's high time they did so." }, { "body": "Jakob Nielsen discusses the issue of offshoring web projects to save costs, as some companies outsource to countries with low labor costs but weak usability traditions. The developers in these countries may have limited access to good usability data from the target users, leading to a specific case of the general offshore design problem. In essence, software teams do not perform well when design or management are done in a different physical location than programming. I had personally experienced this in a past job where my direct manager was in Singapore, his manager in Hyderabad, and I had to communicate with the CEO for any management input during my working hours because both were awake at the same time. A good project team relies on numerous small interactions daily, as is common here at Fog Creek offices. What puzzles me is people who think it's acceptable to move developers ten time zones away from their managers and expect good results. These same people would be outraged if you suggested sending the entire management team to Bangalore or Beijing." }, { "body": "John Robb presents an insightful viewpoint on trust-based targeted advertising, drawing from his experiences during the internet's boom era. The general consensus now is that traditional advertising holds little credibility due to a wealth of evidence showing its ineffectiveness, regardless of how well-targeted it may be. In such a scenario, if one wishes to market a product, venturing into the editorial side appears to be the only viable option. Product placements serve as an example here, where consumers' defenses are less guarded. However, there is a 'tragedy of the commons' situation arising as more and more marketers resort to PR instead of advertising, diluting the credibility of editorial content, rendering it equally untrustworthy." }, { "body": "Dear All, I wanted to clarify some points regarding my previous blog about the Parents Television Council (PTC) and their recent labeling of Buffy as the worst show on television for children. Firstly, I believe that Buffy is indeed inappropriate for children, but I have concerns about the PTC's motives and agenda. The PTC has a clear goal beyond simply warning parents about the dangers of TV shows or video games. They advocate for designating the first hour of primetime as a family hour and for no offensive shows to air during that time. I disagree with this approach, as I don't believe it is the networks' responsibility to restrict the kind of content aired during any particular hour. Prime-time programming varies greatly; some shows are family-oriented, while others are not. However, there is no shortage of suitable content if parents and children wish to watch TV together during this hour. I believe it is the parents' responsibility to police their children's television viewing. If you don't want your kids watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer, then don't let them, but don't campaign for its removal or shifting to a late hour, which would only risk its cancellation. Moreover, the PTC seems to find shows offensive that are actually family-oriented. For instance, Malcolm in the Middle is considered inappropriate by the PTC, which I find surprising. The only shows they deem appropriate seem to be those that have been sanitized to fit their ultra-conservative agenda. This idea that all other shows should be relegated to some later hour is just ludicrous. Best, " }, { "body": "Kindly refrain from using disrespectful or offensive language. Here's a rephrased version of your email: Dear Sir, I hope this message finds you well. Regarding the issue at hand, I would appreciate it if you could provide more details or clarify certain points. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, I have come across an issue that requires your attention. It appears there seems to be some confusion regarding a project we've been working on. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Subject: New York Times Article Requirement Dear Editor, In light of the recent article published by The New York Times, we kindly request that you consider writing a similar piece for The Boston Globe. We believe such an article would greatly benefit our readers and contribute to the ongoing discourse on this topic. We are eager to learn about your thoughts on this proposal and look forward to hearing back from you soon. Sincerely, The Editorial Team" }, { "body": "Dear , Daniel Berlinger suggests that software shops are transitioning to OS X only development due to two primary reasons. Firstly, while the installed base of OS X is relatively small, it represents the majority of individuals purchasing new computers. Secondly, if OS X fails to gain traction, the Mac itself may become obsolete since its popularity isn't increasing significantly. Developing for the Macintosh can be compared to creating a website that only works on Netscape due to its limited market share. However, it's essential to consider that if your Windows product appeals to X% of users, you must appeal to X times more Mac users just to break even. While an emotional attachment to the Mac is understandable, when discussing investment opportunities, it's crucial to demonstrate how you plan to attract a significantly larger user base. This could be due to less competition in your category on the Mac, or if your product caters to a niche like graphics where Macs seem popular. However, it's important to recognize that Macs don't actually dominate the market in this area; they appear dominant only among elite graphics users in major cities. If your product requires compatibility with mixed environments, ensure it runs everywhere. When presenting a proposal for a macOS software investment, be prepared to explain how you plan to surmount the 'magic multiplier'." }, { "body": "Test your knowledge with this collection of movie quotes. I'll get back to you in a couple of days with the answers. IQ seemed to drop sharply while I was away! Only a few can be compared to Amanda Jones, not every woman is taken entirely unawares as Eve was when she picked the apple. This is Tommy, he claims to be named after a gun, but I know his namesake is a famous century ballerina. When one woman strikes at another's heart, she seldom misses and the wound is often fatal. I've never been alone with a man before - even clothed or unclothed, it's quite unusual. You're nothing to me now; you're not a brother, not a friend. I don't want to know about you, your life, or where you are. When you see our mother, please let me know a day in advance so I won't be there. Life offers seconds of joy and years of misery, yet it doesn't mean we should choke on the bone. With a hundred million terrorists in the world, I still have to kill one with feet smaller than my sister! Mother, I don't need a blind date, especially not with some verbally incontinent spinster who drinks like a fish, smokes like a chimney, and dresses like her mother. Have you ever seen such a body before? Well, she happens to be my daughter! I'm no genius, but I know what love is. Of course, you won't be able to lie on your back for a while, but then you can lie from any position, right? Women need a reason for having sex; men just need a place. You are not special or unique - you are decaying organic matter like everything else. I picked the wrong week to stop sniffing glue! The question isn't whether you're paranoid - Lenny, the question is whether you're paranoid enough! Inconceivable? You keep using that word as if it means something... Enjoy!" }, { "body": "In our second instalment from GDC Europe, we conduct interviews with Bill Fulton from Microsoft on usability testing for games, Zeno Colaco discussing pitching to publishers, and Harvey Smith of Ion Storm on emergent game design." }, { "body": "Dear Sir, It seems there was some confusion regarding your request. Here is a clarification for better understanding: Regards, " }, { "body": "Paul Foot emphasizes the significance of this Saturday's 'Stop the War' march, citing the success of past mass demonstrations against the Vietnam War as a testament to its importance." }, { "body": "The technique showcased from Wolfgang Engel's ShaderX book, published by Wordware, presents a straightforward shader trick that offers a per-pixel approximation of a non-integer power function. This method is effective for input values between 0 and 1, and it supports large exponents without requiring any texture lookup. Moreover, the shader is scalable, allowing for additional instructions to be spent in order to decrease the error or achieve greater exponents." }, { "body": "Additional indications of a deceleration in the real estate market surfaced today, as data unveiled a decrease in mortgage approvals' total worth during August." }, { "body": "Dear Sir or Madam, I am writing to bring to your attention an issue regarding our recent transaction. It appears that there has been a mistake in the payment process and I was charged twice for the same item. I kindly request your assistance in rectifying this situation. I would appreciate it if you could refund one of the payments at your earliest convenience. Please let me know how I can facilitate this process. If there is any additional information that you require, I will be more than happy to provide it. Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter. I look forward to hearing from you soon. Yours sincerely, " }, { "body": "A while ago, Ben Hammersley reviewed Amphetadesk and a few other free aggregators in his Guardian article. In more recent news, a reputable repository of stable open source apps has reviewed and labeled Amphetadesk as their preferred app. They also allow users to rate the application on a scale, with the current rating for Amphetadesk visible." }, { "body": "Dear Valued Customer, We are excited to announce that we have expanded our services to include XYZ. This new service will allow us to better serve your needs and provide you with even more opportunities for growth. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to reach out to us at customer-service@ourcompany.com. We look forward to continuing to work with you. Sincerely, The Team" }, { "body": "I've noticed some intriguing hacks and modifications regarding the Amphetadesk source code, as it is highly modifiable across various platforms. The most impressive of these is LM Orchard's latest release, boasting an array of new features such as hiding old items, click counting, and an outline-based format. It's likely that a revised version of this hack will be offered as a selectable template in the upcoming Amphetadesk version. Additionally, Brian Cantoni's FTPstore is worth mentioning. This slight modification to the Amphetadek news aggregator allows the modified code to retrieve the personal channel list from an FTP location during startup and store it back to the same location during shutdown. This feature offers a straightforward method for keeping your saved channels in a network location, which is particularly beneficial for Amphetadek users with multiple machines. This enhancement is a significant improvement for those who use Amphetadek both at home and work, as it allows you to keep your list of channels in sync." }, { "body": "Dear Valued Customer, We wanted to reach out and inform you that your account has been temporarily suspended due to some unusual activity. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and assure you that we take the security of our customers' accounts very seriously. To resolve this issue, please verify your email address by following the instructions provided in the email we sent to you. If you did not receive this email, or if you are unsure of what steps to take, please contact our customer service department at for assistance. We appreciate your patience and understanding during this process. Once your account has been reactivated, you will be able to access it normally. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear , We are excited to inform you that your account has been upgraded to our Premium plan. This upgrade offers exclusive benefits such as increased storage capacity, priority customer support, and access to advanced features. To start enjoying these new perks, simply log into your account and navigate to the 'My Account' section. If you require any assistance, feel free to reach out to our support team at . We appreciate your continued support and look forward to serving you even better with this upgrade! Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Valued Customer, We are pleased to inform you that your order #12345 has been successfully shipped! You can expect it to arrive by March 10th. For any inquiries or concerns, please contact our customer service at support@example.com. Thank you for choosing us as your preferred retailer. Best Regards, The Example Team" }, { "body": "Dear valued customer, We are writing to inform you that we have identified an issue with your recent order. Due to unforeseen circumstances, there will be a slight delay in the delivery of your product. We deeply apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding. Please find below the updated expected delivery date: We are working diligently to ensure your order reaches you as soon as possible. In the meantime, if you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us at or . We value your business and thank you for your patience. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Dear valued customer, We appreciate your patience as we work to improve our services. We are pleased to inform you that starting from next Monday, we will be implementing a new policy for account security. This includes two-factor authentication (2FA) and stronger password requirements. We encourage you to take advantage of this added layer of protection to secure your account. Sincerely, Your Team" }, { "body": "I have a stock ticker for which I would like to receive an RSS news feed. Could you help me test the beta RSS feeds we've set up on Yahoo Finance? Please use your favorite ticker, such as 'YHOO', and insert this URL in your news reader: ." }, { "body": "Dear , Unfortunately, there seems to be an issue with your account. I kindly request you to verify your email address associated with the account by clicking on the link provided below: . If you encounter any difficulties during this process, please don't hesitate to contact us for assistance. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Nigerian researchers claim that their study contradicts the justifications often given for a practice that remains prevalent in Africa." }, { "body": "I respectfully disagree with Dan's perspective that evolution is equivalent to stupidity, laziness, and apathy. It appears we might have different understandings or interpretations of the concept. I'd like to continue this discussion if possible, as I prefer using 'you are' instead of 'ur' in written communication." }, { "body": "Scientists suggest that a robust microbe, capable of surviving substantial radiation doses, is likely to have developed this resistance on Mars." }, { "body": "An influential think tank has issued a warning that instigating regime change could lead to weapons stockpiles finding their way into the shadowy realm of international terrorism." }, { "body": "A fresh analysis of satellite images indicates the revival of previously barren lands in the southern Sahara, enabling agriculture to become feasible once more." }, { "body": "Researchers suggest that males are more prone to parasitic infections than females, which could potentially explain why they have a shorter lifespan." }, { "body": "It is believed that millions of tiny fat droplets may cause damage to the brains of most heart surgery patients. However, sonic waves might be beneficial in this context." }, { "body": "Over the last century, an additional number of suicides occurred in the UK under Conservative (Tory) rule. A similar trend is observable in Australia." }, { "body": "A genetically engineered yellow fever vaccine, currently in animal trials, holds potential for rapid human availability if expedited." }, { "body": "British scientists pledge readiness for launch of their robotic probe, amidst financial concerns surrounding the project." }, { "body": "Using a laser beam through an inexpensive disc can potentially produce a highly complex and confidential code. These could theoretically be employed for securing credit cards." }, { "body": "The lack of visible rings around distant stars hints at the presence of small, rocky planets according to astronomers. This suggests that a planetary census may soon be feasible." }, { "body": "According to recent comparisons of our genetic code with that of our closest relatives, we appear to be more unique than previously believed." }, { "body": "The potentially contentious assertion might suggest evidence of undetected additional dimensions, and could contribute to the formation of a unified theory of everything." }, { "body": "The enactment of new laws due to previous cloning allegations threatens years in imprisonment for offenders, yet this broad ban provokes scientists." }, { "body": "The faint afterglow of the Big Bang, microwave polarization, has been discovered. This finding should aid in exploring the origins of the universe." }, { "body": "Testing for the infectious agent in asymptomatic individuals does not lower the predicted death rates. There is an urgent need for larger studies to be conducted." }, { "body": "The cargo vessel has run aground near a World Heritage conservation site in South Africa. However, efforts to salvage it have been hindered by widespread fires." }, { "body": "The officials have nearly confirmed that the virus responsible for deaths can be transmitted through donated blood." }, { "body": "The United States Air Force is about to test the steering and control method initially employed during the Wright Brothers' historic flight." }, { "body": "This will make the sole U.S. region where medical researchers can utilize public funds to generate embryos and isolate stem cells." }, { "body": "According to researchers, an unconsciously discernible pattern underlies the enigmatic charm of a well-known ancient Japanese garden." }, { "body": "Detailed instructions for vaccinating all citizens within five days of an outbreak are being distributed to every state." }, { "body": "The email suggests that Iraq is allegedly prepared to use chemical weapons and developing long-range missiles. However, it seems there isn't substantial new evidence available that would convincingly change the views of those skeptical about war." }, { "body": "The technical issues have impeded a transatlantic record attempt, while adverse weather conditions have thwarted an altitude record attempt at this time." }, { "body": "The discovery of cryptic glyphs on a Guatemalan pyramid suggests a power struggle between superpowers at the height of the civilization." }, { "body": "Researchers claim to have produced at least some atoms of cold antihydrogen, analyzing them might help explain why antimatter is so scarce." }, { "body": "I have just finished reading an article that I found quite amusing. The question it raises is intriguing: in almost every way, Mozilla seems to be a superior browser compared to Navigator, such as the fact that tabbed browsing, which allows you to have multiple web pages open in the same browser window and bookmark them all under one name, was available in Mozilla months before it became Netscape's 'best new feature'. When asked about this, Netscape admitted this is true, but they also mentioned that the engineer working on it for Mozilla is an ex-Netscape employee. It appears that this collaboration was intended to enhance general browsing usability for Netscape. However, I should clarify that when you mentioned 'Netscape employee', I assume you meant Apple employee and by 'intention of fostering general browsing usability for Netscape', you meant it was developed for Mozilla because I thought the multizilla extension was interesting. Here's a brief history of tabbed browsing: One night, I finally downloaded an extension called multizilla. I was particularly impressed with its feature called 'tabbed browsing'. After doing some research, I found a tabbed browser that embedded Wine (multizilla) but had two fundamental flaws that prevented the code from being incorporated into the Mozilla tree: first, it copied some features from Netcaptor, which might have raised concerns about copying some of Netcaptor's more obscure capabilities; second, the tab behavior wasn't encapsulated cleanly into a widget. I then developed a simplified version of tabbed browsing on my own time, doing it in a weekend and removing some of the geekier Netcaptor features while ensuring that the changes to other navigator files would be minimal. Once I established that it didn't degrade performance in the single tab case, I checked it in as an experiment. The response was overwhelming, but also filled with bugs. Initially, I wanted to back tabbed browsing out of the tree, but Mozilla convinced me not to. I am glad they did because it turned out to be a good thing for all. Even with all the excitement and buzz surrounding the introduction of tabbed browsing in the engineering community and in Mozilla, Netscape seemed oblivious. Their marketing prioritized various non-essential tasks over tabbed browsing, ignoring its potential until the press raved about it. Now, I can't help but think that Netscape is repeating this mistake with popup blocking - introducing unnecessary complexity instead of focusing on simplicity. It's a pity when their engineers provide valuable suggestions and are ignored or dismissed, but they rush to address criticisms from sources like CNET." }, { "body": "According to a recent study, black entrepreneurs encounter more difficulties when trying to secure funding for their startups compared to their white or Asian counterparts." }, { "body": "A patented system enables drivers of contemporary, noise-reducing vehicles to synchronize and experience the roaring engine sounds characteristic of classic cars with their driving." }, { "body": "I immediately contacted the power company to inquire about their unusual behavior. They graciously permitted me to make a credit card payment, which enabled me to get reactivated today and pay a reconnection fee for the service." }, { "body": "I've created a new blog on Yahoo for the reason that I occasionally share work-related content, so it makes sense to categorize it. Furthermore, some of my private emails have persuaded me that this could be beneficial. I hope you understand." }, { "body": "Thank you for reaching out to azcentral. We appreciate your interest and will respond to your inquiry as soon as possible." }, { "body": "Dear Comic Book Enthusiast, Kindly find attached the latest issue of our comic book series. We hope you enjoy it as much as we do! Let us know if you have any feedback or queries. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Firstly, I appreciate all the valuable feedback. It's encouraging to see many people are now using it effectively. I'm currently analyzing some data which should provide insights into the stocks that bloggers frequently monitor and the aggregators they prefer." }, { "body": "Matt has pointed out a phenomenon that I have been encountering frequently. Specifically, when reading an article on Slashdot, I often find myself thinking that I read this exact same piece yesterday. This situation has persisted ever since I delved into the world of weblogs, as I no longer rely upon traditional sources for information." }, { "body": "Dear Editor, Regarding your request for an article on the latest developments in renewable energy technologies in Arizona, we would be delighted to oblige. Our team of experienced journalists will provide you with a comprehensive and up-to-date piece that will showcase the innovative strides being made in this field within our state. We look forward to working with you. Best regards, Arizona Republic Editorial Team" }, { "body": "Dear NY Daily News, Here's our updated story for your consideration: Title: Content: Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Initially, when memory exceeded what any computer would ever require, there were no memory managers in existence. However, as new systems emerged with increased memory capacities and designers found ways to consume RAM at a faster rate than it could be supplied, the subject of this discussion revolves around Tiburon's experiences in rewriting and optimizing the memory manager for Madden NFL, specifically from Madden NFL to Madden NFL." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email to creationistsorg. Unfortunately, we are unable to engage in debate or discussions regarding scientific theories as we primarily focus on the promotion and education of our work related to creationism." }, { "body": "Scripting languages enable swift game behavior development, avoiding the hazards that may ensnare an unaware C programmer. Using an existing scripting language spares the time and expense of crafting a custom language, usually offering you a more potent tool than you could self-develop. Python is an ideal selection for a game scripting language due to its power, ease of embedding, and ability to be effortlessly extended with C code." }, { "body": "Dear Cleveland, Please find below the information you requested: Information Request: --- Response: I have checked our records and found that the file you are looking for is not available at this time. I apologize for any inconvenience caused. If you have any other requests or need further assistance, please let me know. Best regards, " }, { "body": "It seems that HFB's toilet is problematic, thank goodness Josh never encountered it. Additionally, she discovered some humorous phrases to use at work which I could certainly benefit from using as well. After all, we've always had our fair share of amusing moments." }, { "body": "Given project budgets in the millions and little room for error, development teams are facing intense pressure to excel in the cutthroat entertainment software markets. No team manager wants to risk failure when it comes to creating visually stunning graphics that can make a game successful. Electronic Arts' The Sims franchise serves as an illustration of this high-pressure situation. This article focuses on the critical factors that influence the large-scale asset production required for today's most demanding games." }, { "body": "Join us for our complimentary email roundup, showcasing top articles from Northern English press." }, { "body": "I regret to inform you that we have encountered an issue with the payment processing for your account. We kindly ask for your prompt attention to avoid any inconvenience or interruption in our service. Please update your payment information as soon as possible by logging into your account and navigating to 'Payment Information'. If you require further assistance, please do not hesitate to contact us." }, { "body": "Fay Weldon has selected a writer-in-residence position at The Savoy Hotel in London, whereas Salman Rushdie has chosen a different type of residency." }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, We are excited to announce that we will be featuring sports footwear by Brooks in our store. These high-quality shoes are perfect for athletes and fitness enthusiasts alike, offering superior comfort, support, and performance. Be sure to visit us soon to check out the latest selection from Brooks. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Hey there, Please find below the details for your request: 1. Project Name: 2. Task Description: 3. Deadline: Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Disney has created a brochure-style website showcasing their upcoming and highly anticipated film based on the Haunted Mansion ride, a follow-up to The Country Bears movie. The site currently offers a downloadable poster, though it is somewhat disappointing that it requires clicking through a tedious legal disclaimer to access it. Disney Pictures grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free license for one year to use and display the images from this site on yours, with specific terms outlined below. No other rights are implied or granted beyond those explicitly stated. You will receive HTML code and GIF files provided by Disney Pictures to integrate the images into your site. By using these files, you agree not to modify them in any way, and accepting and utilizing these terms of use implies agreement. If you do not accept these terms, refrain from using or displaying the files. This license commences upon receiving the files and terminates automatically after one year or immediately upon violation of these terms. Disney Pictures reserves the right to terminate this license at any time, at our discretion, with notice to you." }, { "body": "Subject: Groundbreaking Development in Dentistry - Pig Teeth Grown in Rat Intestines! Doctors have succeeded in growing living pig teeth inside rats, a breakthrough in biotechnology that could trigger a dental revolution. This experiment conducted by researchers at the Boston's Forsyth Institute indicates the existence of dental stem cells, potentially allowing individuals to replace lost teeth with identical ones grown from their own cells. The ability to isolate and multiply these dental stem cells for biological replacement tooth therapy could transform dentistry according to Dominick DePaola, President and CEO of the institute specializing in oral and facial science." }, { "body": "Please find below important information regarding your subscription with The Japan Times:" }, { "body": "1. Starting from next month, we have revised the prices of our digital and print subscriptions as follows:" }, { "body": "- Digital-only subscription: 850 per month (previously 750)" }, { "body": "- Print-only subscription: 1,200 per month (previously 1,100)" }, { "body": "- Combined digital and print subscription: 1,450 per month (previously 1,350)" }, { "body": "2. In addition, we are excited to announce that The Japan Times will be launching a new mobile application in the coming months, offering an enhanced reading experience." }, { "body": "3. We value your subscription and would like to thank you for your continued support. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us." }, { "body": "Regarding the matter at hand, I would like to bring your attention to an albino rhinoceros." }, { "body": "Dear Dekalb Daily Chronicle, We are reaching out to provide an update on our recent story. Due to new developments, we would like to revise the details and resubmit it for your consideration. Thank you for your understanding and cooperation. Sincerely," }, { "body": "Dear aintitcoolnews, We are reaching out to share some exciting news with you! We have recently completed work on a project that we believe aligns perfectly with your platform. If you are interested in taking a look and potentially featuring it, please let us know. We would be thrilled to provide further details. Best regards," }, { "body": "Last week, my hands and shoulders began to cause me significant trouble once again, though I won't delve into the distress it brought about. As a result of the pain, I was compelled to endure a long day at work. It wasn't entirely accurate to say that I voluntarily attended yoga class on Tuesday; in reality, Viridiana was the one who coerced me into going. I only attend such classes when my body is in discomfort." }, { "body": "The Orlando Sentinel requests clarification on the recent announcement regarding the upcoming event." }, { "body": "Thank you for your interest in Stuffconz. Unfortunately, we are currently experiencing technical difficulties and our website is temporarily unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your patience as we work to resolve the issue. Please check back soon or contact us at (mailto:support@stuffconz.com) if you have any questions." }, { "body": "Dear Editor, Please find attached an article for your consideration for publication in The Bath Chronicle. I believe it would be of great interest to your readers, offering insights into a new, innovative approach to bath design. Kindly review and let me know if there are any edits or adjustments you'd like before we move forward. Best, " }, { "body": "I wanted to address the issue that many of you have noticed regarding the offline feeds. I hope they will be back online soon, but I cannot provide an exact timeline at this moment. However, I would like to emphasize that the experience we had was extremely valuable for us." }, { "body": "Are you still utilizing SourceForge? If you believe that they are anything more than another business offering a free service, then take a look at this: SourceForge is now selling Microsoft Visual Studio on their open source development platform. Here's the screenshot for reference." }, { "body": "It appears that my body operates on an hourly basis, tending to stick closer to the hours, which can be quite frustrating at times. Planning schedules can be challenging and aggravating, especially when I am not even close to..." }, { "body": "Dear Xe Entertainment, We are writing to inform you that we have made some changes in our subscription plan. The new plan now includes access to premium content and an ad-free experience for a monthly fee of $9.99. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this change, please don't hesitate to contact us at support@xentertainment.com. Thank you for your continued support! Best regards, The Xe Entertainment Team" }, { "body": "Researchers suggest that people who use a certain drug for only one night may experience side effects, however, other experts express skepticism regarding this claim." }, { "body": "Yesterday, Viridiana visited my home and persuaded me to step outside to appreciate the unusual sky colors and light. We both pondered about its cause. Today, Jim clarified that it was a rocket test from Vandenburg Air Force Base, which turned out to be quite interesting. Unfortunately, the sight was slightly blurry when I observed it, and there was an excessive amount of streetlight for a good photograph. However, I'm pleased to have found a clear image from NASA." }, { "body": "It appears that ATTWS is planning to offer a service which will help you find the location of your friends, family members, or spouses. This has not been officially announced yet, but based on their explanation of rates and charges, I infer that their 'Friends Service' will only locate a compatible mobile device with MMode service, which has granted you permission, is turned on, registered on the AT&T Wireless GSM/GPRS network, and has not activated the invisible location services. Only the location of such devices will be provided." }, { "body": "Rael is experiencing instability issues with Internet Explorer on Mac OS X. I have been using a recent nightly build of Chimera as my default browser due to some plugin or QuickTime compatibility problems with the current one. The builds are working efficiently and swiftly too. Compared to Mozilla, Firefox feels slow and unstable, while Opera on OS X does not render many pages satisfactorily. OmniWeb and iCab are falling behind in terms of rendering. Chimera is performing exceptionally well for me; I have been using ChimeraKnight for updates as it also streamlines the update process." }, { "body": "It's time for you to take control over your unruly lists using CSS. Instead of allowing them to run rampant on your web pages, it's now time for the lists to obey your commands." }, { "body": "The potential coup in Ivory Coast could lead to a bloodbath that may engulf the rest of the region." }, { "body": "I wholeheartedly concur with Jeremy's sentiments about people disregarding fundamental language rules. For me, using 'how r u' instead of a proper greeting swiftly diminishes my attention and respect towards the person. As MJD pointed out on clpm and mentioned during the YAPC, even someone like me who has been consistently using English for over three years can discern the difference between 'you are' and 'your.' " }, { "body": "Euan Ferguson points out that it wasn't only the absence of wellingtons that distinguished this protest, but also the unique composition of the marchers." }, { "body": "The Prime Minister rules out any concessions on public service reform, as indicated in a firm pre-conference interview." }, { "body": "She was full of life, he was Mr. Grey; their love was an unexpected enchantment." }, { "body": "The UK's dismissed regulator alleges that she was subjected to intolerable pressure." }, { "body": "An editorial by Rod Liddle, editor of BBC's flagship radio show, in a single newspaper column has created a wave of pressure on the BBC. Journalists Jamie Doward and Vanessa Thorpe report on discomfort within the corporation's upper echelons and speculate on how this affair may influence its future." }, { "body": "According to Nick Cohen, Prince Charles's attempts to interfere in politics reveal a profound disconnection from everyday life." }, { "body": "If you've lived in Los Angeles for a significant period, it's likely that you've spent more time stuck in traffic than you'd prefer. This frustrating aspect of Southern California life is only expected to worsen and play a more significant role with the passing of time. Tonight's edition of 'By the Year' on KCET channel will delve into this issue, as well as discuss the phenomenon of 'carcoping', where individuals spend an excessive amount of time in their vehicles." }, { "body": "The Google Oracle excels at answering multiple-choice questions, particularly in this case, who wrote Perl. It is worth noting that this knowledge would be quite beneficial in a 'Who Wants to Be a Millionaire'-style contest. As for the family living next door to the Simpsons, this information is not specified by the author on their About page." }, { "body": "Kolo Toure was among the goal scorers as Arsenal handed Leeds a decisive defeat at Elland Road." }, { "body": "Euan Ferguson spent two days at a stationery supplier's headquarters in Slough and found the team to be significantly more pleasant compared to Ricky Gervais' Gallery of Grotesque Sketches." }, { "body": "Utilizing one species to incubate the eggs of another could potentially aid endangered species and women in future." }, { "body": "I've been considering purchasing a new Mac, but I can't think of any compelling reason to do so at the moment. I'll try to hold off until next spring when there are rumors of new iBooks being released. There won't be a new Powerbook coming out next month, so no, I don't intend to buy one. Please stop suggesting it; I've made up my mind. I don't want to do it, regardless of whether the new model has an even cooler monitor or not." }, { "body": "The monkey switch ad was hilarious, it left me with an enormous smile on my face. I learned that it was the winning entry from a competition organized by MacRumors through Nathan." }, { "body": "Dan Rookwood and Lawrence Booth discuss how Europe and the United States have reached a standstill in their match, setting up a nerve-wracking final day." }, { "body": "Does anyone have a copy of Gill Sans or Bell Centennial that I can borrow? Kevin, who is incredibly remarkable in so many ways (too many to list here), mentioned that it comes included with OS X. I must have missed this feature amidst all the great freebies macOS X offers. Matthew Carter, I'd be more than happy to pay you the two cents in royalties for every font sold if you include it in your package! Tufte and Terrie are having a first amendment beer bash, by the way. It seems iSync and Calendar learned their lesson (ical is out)." }, { "body": "Following our discussion at UT Austin, I spent Saturday at the Turkey City Science Fiction Writers Workshop, hosted by Bruce Sterling. The Turkey City workshop is a renowned platform that has nurtured numerous talented writers and established a lexicon of critical terms for understanding science fiction, which serves as the unofficial standard in this field. On the mantelpiece was a squid, reminiscent of Chekhov's gun a plot element should be introduced early and pay off significantly later in the story. However, in science fiction, the prevalence of extraordinary elements like giant writhing krakens can cause traditional plot structures to unravel. This incongruity between conventional dramatic principles and science fiction's extreme grotesque or visionary themes is often referred to as the 'squid on the mantelpiece.' Over the weekend, I was struck by a severe cold and jetlagged but felt compelled to share some links before retiring for the night. They will be available until tomorrow." }, { "body": "I have spent the weekend in Austin and on Friday, I spoke at the University of Texas about copyright issues. Jon Lebkowsky organized the event and he has blogged extensively about it. The entertainment industry has a history of challenging technological advancements, such as the piano roll, radio, television, and the VHS vs Betamax case. In the latter case, the argument was that the ability to make full copies of a broadcast work was not considered fair use in terms of copyright. It was illegal enough that the VCR should be kept off the market. However, the Supreme Court ruled that the technology is legal if it has substantial non-infringing uses. This principle is currently under attack. The Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) makes it illegal to defeat a copyright measure such as the regionalization system for DVDs. John Johansen in Norway discovered a way to break the content scrambling system and allows you to move from one region to another, bypassing copy protection. This method is known as decss. Johansen is currently facing trial for creating this code." }, { "body": "Stefan, I wanted to let you know that your brother's friend Sue plays with high-voltage equipment. The linked page demonstrates the device she used for capturing high-voltage discharges in water. Thanks for sharing this interesting tidbit!" }, { "body": "There will be no withdrawal from the PFI negotiations. Unions are advised to remain vigilant." }, { "body": "Sinn F in President under accusation for establishing an IRA unit to eliminate informants" }, { "body": "Fourth art raid on philanthropist's home, previously targeted by the IRA and Dublin gangster Martin Cahill." }, { "body": "The troubled mutual insurance company acknowledges the extent of its mis-selling issues." }, { "body": "Professionals who specialize in the field are asking for amateurs' assistance in gathering valuable data about planets orbiting distant stars." }, { "body": "Eight years have passed since botanist David Bellamy aired a TV series, and now the question is, 'What went wrong'? Simon Interactive Guides, Steve News and Comment, Biggles Airways are considering a plan to transform RAF (Royal Air Force) into a tourism destination." }, { "body": "There is skepticism among city and Wall Street regarding the proposed plan to avert more countries from experiencing an Argentine-style economic crisis." }, { "body": "Edwina Currie expressed sadness and indignation upon learning about John Major's confession of shame regarding their four-year affair." }, { "body": "Internet CTFreeserve maintains its status as the dial-up ISP most Britons connect to, inquires Kate Bulkley." }, { "body": "I'm quite fond of Kasia's latest idea, let's give it a go! However, perhaps not all on the same day. Instead, let's consider using our birthdays as the basis. Since I was born on June, I may not be at my best every year on that month, so maybe we can schedule our attempts based on our respective birthdays." }, { "body": "In an unusual turn of events, I found myself awakening on a Sunday without the need for an alarm clock. It's a mystery to me how this occurred. For breakfast, I had a muffin with jelly and peanut butter, accompanied by a strawberry drink, all while catching up on..." }, { "body": "I apologize for forgetting to write up yesterday's work and deciding not to alter the blog entry date. During a break from writing my book, I attempted to complete the tasks on friendszawodny.com before sending it off." }, { "body": "Israel withdrew its tanks and troops from Yasser Arafat's West Bank headquarters yesterday." }, { "body": "The funniest thing that Dean has ever witnessed was some footage of narcoleptic dogs from a NOVA documentary on sleep." }, { "body": "I am Heather" }, { "body": "Jason Rap was once a drummer in an unnamed band that never performed any live gigs." }, { "body": "Dear Mark, New analysis of the Antikythera Mechanism, recovered from a shipwreck in Greece, suggests it was not just a clockwork device to calculate celestial bodies' orbits but a complex model reflecting the Greek belief in an earth-centric universe. The mechanism employed epicyclic models devised by Hipparchus for the sun and moon, and Apollonius of Perga for Mercury and Venus. These models, predating the Antikythera Mechanism, were later used by Claudius Ptolemy in the second century AD. Interestingly, it's speculated that an upper layer of mechanism may have been lost, which could have modeled the motions of Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn - the three other planets known at the time. Thus, the device might have had the capability to predict the positions of the known celestial bodies for any given date with a reasonable degree of accuracy using bronze pointers on a circular dial featuring the constellations of the zodiac. Best regards," }, { "body": "Kevin, it appears that at Successories, you were given autonomy to work on your projects with minimal supervision. There would be brainstorming sessions where we generated new ideas for topics. I believe we have already discussed the importance of diligence, correct? However, you were encouraged to continue working on your own ideas and share your progress with your manager. They provided feedback, encouragement, and even pointed to a poster of perseverance as motivation. It's worth mentioning that Successories had posters of this nature displayed in various places. I hope this clarifies the work environment at Successories." }, { "body": "Last week, Dan Gillmor interviewed Jack and represented Valentis' beliefs fairly in his column. However, this week, Dan is dissecting Valentis' arguments, revealing Hollywood's true agenda. The movie and music industries are once again seeking help from Congress, asking for laws that would restrict the capabilities of devices and crippling PCs and other communication machines to prevent unauthorized copies. Remarkably, they also want permission to hack into networks and machines believed to be violating copyrights. In essence, their goal is to protect their business model by thwarting any possibility of infringement. They want technology companies to seek approval before innovating, aiming to centralize information flow and control the new medium as if it were just a jazzed-up television. Instead of accepting the occasional minor infringements and focusing on the major pirates, they are labeling every act of infringement and some things that aren't infringements at all as acts of piracy or theft. Saying it doesn't make it so." }, { "body": "Paul, there appears to be a large number of hearts located beneath the East River. It seems it took quite some time for you to locate them." }, { "body": "It has been reported, according to the latest issue of Popular Science, that an Easter egg has been found in the transmission control software for BMWs. The correct combination of commands to the electronically controlled manual transmission will cause the car to rev up and drop the clutch. However, there is uncertainty as to whether this is a deliberate feature or an unintended bug." }, { "body": "Subject: Request for Meeting Regarding Project Updates Dear Team, I am writing to propose a meeting next week to discuss the latest updates on our ongoing project. We will focus on the progress made, any potential challenges that have arisen, and our plan of action moving forward. I believe it is crucial for us to collaborate in person to ensure we are all aligned and working effectively towards our goals. Please let me know a suitable time and date for you next week. Looking forward to your positive response. Best, " }, { "body": "The Treasury has acknowledged that the growth targets established in March have been undermined by the deteriorating global economic situation." }, { "body": "Sydney, an Afghan boy whose family was tragically killed during the massacres in Mazar-e-Sharif, has been rejected for asylum in Australia, according to David Fickling." }, { "body": "Following several months of repairs on the cracked fuel lines, the shuttle is ready for takeoff. Live footage will be transmitted via an onboard video camera." }, { "body": "The antiviral drug markedly decreases the transmission of the incurable infection during sexual activities." }, { "body": "Iraq appears to complicate our resolution with constructive discussions in Vienna" }, { "body": "Dear ATICN Team, We have an exciting update regarding our upcoming project. We would be grateful if you could dedicate some space on your platform to share the details with your audience. We believe this collaboration will add significant value to both parties and create a buzz among our shared community. Looking forward to hearing from you soon. Best, " }, { "body": "Michael Portillo entered the contentious ground of the Labour Party conference in Blackpool last night, taking aim at David Blunkett as a conservative right-winger." }, { "body": "Dear St Petersburg Times, Please find below our submission for your consideration. We have recently developed a groundbreaking technology in the field of AI and would like to share it with your esteemed readers. The technology, which we believe will revolutionize several industries, enables machines to understand and respond to human emotions more accurately than ever before. This advancement has significant implications for fields such as healthcare, customer service, entertainment, and more. We are looking forward to your response and the potential opportunity to collaborate with you on this exciting story. If you have any questions or require additional information, please do not hesitate to contact us at . Best Regards,"}, { "body": "Press Release: Groundbreaking AI Technology Understands Human Emotions" }, { "body": "Email regarding Julian Glover's work on John Major's autobiography and the absence of Edwina Currie: Julian Glover, who spent two years working on John Major's autobiography, has been inquired about the reason for Edwina Currie's exclusion from the book." }, { "body": "Dear Valued Customer, We wanted to reach out and inform you that there has been a slight delay in the processing of your order. Rest assured, our team is working diligently to ensure that it is shipped as soon as possible. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "A most unsavory individual" }, { "body": "Dear Colleague, We are excited to inform you that our department has just received a grant for a new project. The project's title is 'Innovative Solutions for Sustainable Energy'. We believe this is an excellent opportunity to collaborate and make significant contributions to the field. We will be conducting a meeting next week, on Thursday at 3 PM in Conference Room A, to discuss the project details and our roles. Please mark your calendars and join us then. Looking forward to working together on this exciting venture! Best regards, " }, { "body": "Margaret, it's crucial to approach invitations as delicate social mines, though they may seem quite charming with their wax seal." }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, We are writing to bring your attention to an important matter regarding the recent article published by The Cincinnati Enquirer. We have noticed some inaccuracies and misrepresentations that need immediate rectification for the sake of truth and fairness. We kindly request you to review the article and make necessary corrections as soon as possible. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, It appears there has been some confusion regarding our previous correspondence. I am writing to clarify that your account with us, CharlotteCom, is currently experiencing technical difficulties. We are actively working to resolve this issue and appreciate your patience as we work to get everything up and running smoothly again. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or concerns. Sincerely, CharlotteCom Support" }, { "body": "A US team suggests that a new form of Vitamin D could potentially be an effective treatment for osteoporosis." }, { "body": "Is anyone able to lend me a copy of Bell Centennial font? I recently realized that I may never need to purchase fonts after Matthew Carter mentioned he gets royalties for them. Kevin, who is incredibly talented and does much more than I can list here, points out that Gill Sans, which I inquired about earlier, comes included with OS X. I knew Mac OS X had a lot of great things, but I didn't realize I overlooked this. Terrie's first amendment beer bash is on its way, and it seems iSync and Calendar have learned a lesson from ical being phased out." }, { "body": "Subject: Urgently Need Your Attention Dear clickondetroit, We are writing to inform you that there is an issue with the upcoming event we have scheduled for next week. The performer, who was initially confirmed, has had to cancel due to unforeseen circumstances. We need your immediate assistance in finding a suitable replacement. Please let us know at the earliest convenience if you can provide any suggestions or if there are any artists within our network who might be available and interested. Thank you for your continued support and cooperation. Best regards, The clickondetroit Team" }, { "body": "Dear , I hope this message finds you well. I am reaching out to share that I will be appearing on a popular television program next week. I thought it would be great if you could tune in to catch the episode. The show airs at . Looking forward to your support! Best, " }, { "body": "The prolonged disagreement between the widow of Kurt Cobain and the remaining two members of Nirvana has been resolved, clearing the path for a new album." }, { "body": "Dear Roommate, I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to inform you that I will not be able to make rent for the upcoming month. I understand the inconvenience this may cause and I apologize for any discomfort. I am working on resolving the situation as quickly as possible. If there is anything you need from me in the meantime, please let me know. Thank you for your understanding." }, { "body": "Potentially, former Equitable Life policyholders might be eligible for compensation due to the mis-selling of their policies." }, { "body": "Dear Library Patron, We are writing to inform you that due to unforeseen circumstances, our library will be closed tomorrow (Friday). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding. Normal operations will resume on Monday. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Heather, I couldn't help but catch last night's premiere of 'The World's Worst... The Best'. It was intriguing to try and understand what made these seemingly contradictory 'best worst drivers' stand out. However, if they were truly the best, wouldn't they have been showcased on a platform like 'The World's Best'? It seems there might be a paradox here." }, { "body": "The competition for the prestigious position at BBC News has begun, as Rod Liddle announced his departure as Editor of The Today Programme." }, { "body": "Dear Team, We have recently noticed that there seems to be an issue with the current project's progress. I kindly request everyone to review their assigned tasks and ensure they are on track. If you encounter any difficulties or require assistance, please do not hesitate to reach out to me or your teammates. Let's work together to get this project back on schedule. Best regards, " }, { "body": "The envoy of the Dalai Lama celebrates a long-awaited meeting after many years." }, { "body": "Please be aware of Yahoo Shopping and other shopping metasites, as Google is introducing a new service called Google Catalogs. The question on everyone's mind is whether it will make a significant impact during this Christmas shopping season or next year, potentially overshadowing Google Product Search and Ratings." }, { "body": "Standard Life has conceded and reduced payouts on a large number of policies." }, { "body": "This is a recurring issue at work, as it pertains to the fact that Yahoo is a FreeBSD shop. There have been discussions about MySQL performing better on Linux. It is important to note that we run some services here." }, { "body": "Please find below the details you requested: Dear User, We are pleased to inform you that your application for the 'PhillyCom Subscription Plan' has been approved. You will now have access to our premium features including exclusive webinars, priority customer support and more. Kindly log in to your account to complete the activation process. Once activated, you can start enjoying these benefits immediately. If you encounter any issues during the activation process or have any questions regarding your subscription, feel free to contact our customer service team via email at support@phillycom.com or call us at 123-456-7890. We are always ready to assist you. Thank you for choosing PhillyCom as your preferred partner in online education. Sincerely, The PhillyCom Team" }, { "body": "The nursing and ancillary staff at a PFI hospital are poised to win a legal dispute concerning equal pay. This victory will necessitate significant back payments to the employees, thereby increasing the hospital's annual wage bill." }, { "body": "Disney has announced a new president for Walt Disney Parks, replacing Paul Pressler. This executive, who was widely criticized for his efforts to undermine Disneyland, reportedly cut spending at the expense of safety and employee satisfaction. He is responsible for projects like the construction of California Adventure, which has been widely criticized, reducing the variety of products available for sale in park stores, and so on. The new president, James Rasulo, previously served as head of Euro Disney." }, { "body": "Hello there, We have received your request and are currently working on it. We will get back to you as soon as possible with an update. Thank you for choosing Orangetodayco!" }, { "body": "Dear , We hope this email finds you well. We are writing to inform you that your order has been shipped and is on its way to you. Best Regards, CanadaCom" }, { "body": "Dear Charlotte Com team, We have received your request for access to our platform. Unfortunately, we are unable to grant it at this time as we do not currently support the country from which you are operating. Please let us know if there are any changes in your location and we will be happy to reconsider your request. Best regards, " }, { "body": "A seemingly distressed individual" }, { "body": "Dear all, I am writing to inform you that due to unforeseen circumstances, the meeting scheduled for tomorrow at 10:00 AM will be postponed. A new date and time will be communicated as soon as possible. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding. Best regards, Doc Brown" }, { "body": "Jonathan Freedland's statement implies that the stifling of discourse reflects Labour leadership at its most ineffective." }, { "body": "Individuals who have switched from glasses to contact lenses report a significant increase in physical interaction with the opposite gender." }, { "body": "Campaigners claim that this and other megaprojects have failed to honor commitments made by African leaders during the World Summit in Johannesburg." }, { "body": "The article titled 'Mac poses as much of a challenge to Linux as to Windows' is insightful yet slightly off the mark. The main argument of the piece aligns closely with what I've been advocating to others." }, { "body": "Aaron Warchalker is likely to appear on Public Radio's Marketplace tomorrow evening. I attempted to reduce the usage of 'you knows', but I could not do it perfectly; I will keep trying." }, { "body": "Greetings, I hope this message finds you well. Our team has noticed that some technical issues have been arising on your website lately. We are reaching out to discuss potential solutions and to schedule a meeting at your earliest convenience. Let us know if there's a specific day or time that works best for you, and we will do our best to accommodate. Looking forward to working together to enhance the performance of your site. Best regards, The Poynter Team" }, { "body": "Individual with Lice" }, { "body": "I'm writing to inform you that I have a Game Boy available for purchase." }, { "body": "Please find below the rephrased email: Dear , I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to inform you that there has been a slight change in our scheduling for the project we have been working on together. Instead of our previous schedule, the revised plan is as follows: I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause and appreciate your understanding in this matter. Please let me know if you require any additional information or clarification regarding the changes. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "The Potters Bar Claimants Group in the UK is examining the cause of the accident as they have turned down a compensation offer from Railtracks." }, { "body": "Dear Dayton Daily News, In light of recent developments, we would appreciate it if you could update your coverage of our company's progress. We have made significant strides in our field and would like to share these accomplishments with your readers. If possible, we would also like to arrange for a representative from our company to be interviewed for a feature article. Thank you for your time and consideration. Sincerely, " }, { "body": "Dear Homestar Runner, We are reaching out to you regarding a recent issue that has arisen with your account. Please note that this is not a request for a sign-in, but rather an update about the status of your account. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Exactly one year ago, my previous manager asked me to close down my blog and delete all traces of it from my server. He attempted to persuade me that the online world was too confined for the blend of personal and professional content. Today, on this anniversary, I invite everyone to review my resume, appreciate this fullscreen image of me, and click here for more information. My work over the past year includes diving into Python, Markdown, and other related technologies, as documented in my October archives. You can find my resume in HTML format here, and bookmark this post using the permanent link provided." }, { "body": "I appreciate your suggestion to use The New York Times as a source. However, it appears that Userland's method is currently not functioning correctly." }, { "body": "The ongoing joint hearing of the Senate Committee and Senate Select Committee on the Entertainment Industry, taking place in LA, is examining artists' allegations that labels engage in unfair and corrupt business practices. Preliminary findings from the hearings indicate that artists are prohibited by contract from showing royalty statements to third parties, including managers, lawyers, consultants, etc., who could assist them in getting paid. However, it seems that this may not always be the case. Senator Kevin Murray, leading the initiative for artists' rights, claimed that Cary Sherman, chief counsel for the RIAA, said in an interview that RIAA members, the major labels, would sue any artist who broke ranks and shared information with the committee. This claim was rejected by Sherman but supported by others present, including Don Henley. In a bold move, Henley openly dared his record company to sue him for bringing his royalty statements to the hearing. He presented his most recent royalty statement for 'Hell Freezes Over', which demonstrated that even though his contract stipulated no more than a reserve on sales of records shipped, Universal Music had withheld more than that for eleven pay periods, approximately three years. Additionally, it showed that despite his contract stating 'no free goods' in Europe, they had deducted charges for free goods from Europe." }, { "body": "The United States has refused an agreement between Iraq and the United Nations concerning arms inspections, stating that they will obstruct the return of inspectors unless they are supported by threats of military action." }, { "body": "Tracy McVeigh, Tim Brighouse, and Ann Hodgson, observers and experts, will be present on Thursday to discuss the government's record. Please post your questions ahead of time." }, { "body": "I am grateful to an anonymous individual who has assisted me in mirroring all ISO images for Red Hat Ohio Connection via Sprint California's multiple gigabit connections. Let us continue to maintain a friendly and cooperative environment." }, { "body": "In situations where a labour leader encounters challenges, there are typically two paths: either to yield or to remain steadfast. This sentiment is expressed by Jonathan Freedland." }, { "body": "A large number of transfusion patients are about to receive red blood cells that have been treated with compounds capable of inactivating viruses and bacteria." }, { "body": "A significant number of top Republicans have taken a stance aligned with the Democrats regarding the President's war powers." }, { "body": "Wow, have a look at Western Digital's Drivezilla! They've just announced new hard disks. It seems that I will own a terabyte drive by the end of..." }, { "body": "The newly established network is designed to combat hackers and address technical issues that often cause such networks to operate slowly or unreliably." }, { "body": "A newly discovered internet worm signals a concerning blend of virus creation and hacking, according to experts." }, { "body": "The French device and iPod are experiencing compatibility issues. The iPod is outputting a volume level through its headphones that exceeds the legal decibel limit in France." }, { "body": "David Pogue discusses Macs, past, present, and future. He highlights that the Mac market is expanding, albeit a small fraction of an increasingly large and growing industry. This suggests that Apple is not on the brink of extinction and will continue to exist, but it will never reclaim its position as a dominant player." }, { "body": "Eli, it seems you have expressed interest in international agreements, specifically mentioning the Balfour Declaration and Oslo Accords. Interestingly, I found that both documents are more concise than expected. The Balfour Declaration, which is often cited as the beginning of Israel, comprises only four paragraphs. Similarly, the Oslo Accords, an agreement between Israel and Palestine, turned out to be shorter than anticipated." }, { "body": "Please participate in the conversation on our most vibrant online forums" }, { "body": "The T-Mobile Sidekick, the first commercial implementation of the innovative Danger Hiptop/pDA Phone, is now on sale. The reviews are starting to roll in and I am confident that once I am in San Francisco for an extended period, I will pick one up. It's appealing mainly because it costs less than half as much as its current competitors, and T-Mobile offers unlimited data usage on its new high-speed GPRS network for a monthly fee far below what a serious surfer would likely accumulate under competing wireless data plans. However, voice time is another story, more on that later. Another reason I like the Sidekick is that it was designed for and will be marketed towards a very different audience compared to its competitors. While other vendors focus on enterprise customers, Danger and T-Mobile are targeting 'internet-savvy primarily urban young adults' in the 18-25 demographic, which I happen to fall into." }, { "body": "It is now time to rethink post-war, one-size-fits-all public services and urge the Prime Minister for transformation." }, { "body": "The email discusses the discovery of a reaction that could potentially form acrylamide, a carcinogen, in baked foods. It proposes methods to lower the levels of this compound." }, { "body": "The new issue of Strange Horizons has arrived, featuring an interview with metal science fiction band Bloodhag - considered the most metallic among all. The spotlight is on them once again. As the lead singer grabs the microphone, he yells and launches into a fervent lecture about his extensive literary work. Miraculously, within thirty seconds, a beer-soaked thrash crowd is captivated and educated. Soon enough, they start wailing. Jake, the vocalist, lifts the microphone overhead and belts out the song with a growling voice reminiscent of a monster movie low, shouting 'No reason, no corners.' Two minutes later, they're done with the pulp era and ready to move on to new wave. Our next song is about Harlan Ellison. Jake roars, and the crowd rejoices in unison. The band hails from Seattle, describing themselves as 'edcore'. Between songs, they pelt the audience with paperback books, quiz them on book titles, and demand library cards. 'The faster you go deaf,' they say, 'the more time you have to read.' Thanks." }, { "body": "Kevin Richardson of the Backstreet Boys has testified that they have never received a significant royalty check. This is surprising, as we had assumed they were financially well-off. However, it seems their motive may be to protect the artists, which adds a new dimension to this situation. This revelation about the Backstreet Boys is more substantial than our previous assumptions about Janis Ian." }, { "body": "I needed to depart from the conference after the morning session because I had pressing work matters to attend to at my job and progress on David Pogue's keynote was fascinating. He truly understands the history of Mac and Apple." }, { "body": "The distributednet project, which utilizes volunteer computer time to solve complex ciphers, has recently cracked a giant sophisticated cipher. I was one of the volunteers, with around half a dozen computers working on this in Tokyo. I managed to obtain the winning key to the distributednet keyservers. This key decrypts the previously unknown message. Unfortunately, due to a script breakdown which I believe was caused by dbaker, the successful submission was not automatically detected. It remained undiscovered until I immediately submitted the key to RSA Labs for verification. They have since confirmed that it is indeed the winning key." }, { "body": "Kevin Mitnick, along with Steve Wozniak (co-founder of Apple Computer), co-hosted an episode of 'The Screen Saver' on Tech TV. During this episode, Wozniak autographed one of the laptops that Kevin was arrested for using. This laptop, which was seized by the FBI during Kevin's arrest in Raleigh, NC in February (the world's most celebrated computer hacker), is now up for sale on eBay. The Toshiba Satellite Laptop Computer comes with a fresh version of Windows, a shrink-wrapped version of Windows on floppy is included, and it features a color LCD, detachable trackball mouse, att PCMCIA modem card, power adapter, and documentation. The laptop is stored in FBI evidence bags and has been signed on the bottom by Steve Wozniak and says 'You've got the whole world in your hands'. Additionally, the system was featured on a September episode of 'The Screen Savers' on TechTV where the signatures were authenticated. A tape of this special show hosted by Wozniak and Mitnick will also be included. Thanks, Jimbo." }, { "body": "Britain's largest building society has indicated that it does not foresee a slowdown in the ongoing property market surge." }, { "body": "Dear attendees of O'Reilly's macOS X conference, we have established a trackback ping repository for you. If you are using Movable Type or a trackback-enabled tool, you can ping the category related to your OS X Conference specific blog post link. Thank you." }, { "body": "The hypocrites in the recording industry have been vocal about people stealing music, yet they themselves have been found guilty of defrauding CD buyers. As part of an agreement on price-fixing allegations, five of the largest US distributors of pre-recorded music CDs and three large retailers will pay millions of dollars in cash and free CDs." }, { "body": "Dear Alumnus, I'm excited to share that the renowned Clarion Writers Workshop, from which you are an esteemed alum, has expanded yet again. Clarion West in Seattle has been thriving for years, and now we are launching another satellite branch - Clarion South, to be held in Queensland, Australia. This new workshop aims to provide a science fiction bootcamp experience to those in the antipodes who might otherwise have to travel to America. Thanks for being part of this amazing community! Best regards, Pat" }, { "body": "Kindly find below a rephrased version of your email: Remember the butterfly effect from chaos theory, where a small action can cause significant consequences later on, even across distant locations? Google's recent update seems to be following a similar pattern. The blogging community has been adversely affected by these changes, for instance, my website's ranking was significantly impacted. It appears that the updates are aimed at stopping two specific practices, namely selling ads based on certain keywords and a technique known as 'Google bombing'. Apparently, Google is now cross-checking link text with the linked site and discounting or ignoring links whose text does not match the linked site. This effectively brings an end to 'Google bombing', as searching for phrases like 'go to hell' no longer leads to search results related to the phrase 'talentless'. However, it is unclear whether Google is actively penalizing sites that were participating in these practices. Unfortunately, the adjustments made to stop these techniques have resulted in a wide range of collateral damage, especially for medium-to-large websites that had been adhering to all best practices regarding page structure, link structure, accessibility, and overall honest work. The WebmasterWorld forums are filled with complaints about these changes. In the midst of confusion, there have been suggestions that Google might no longer be indexing alt text in images; however, this is not accurate. A search for 'diveintomarkorg' finds my entry from July, which is only mentioned in an image's alt text. Google's search results, in general, seem to have degraded significantly in many key areas, with spam sites, doorway pages, and cloaking attempts now appearing more frequently in top spots. The forums are full of examples like this, such as a search for 'reservation' bringing up an empty hotel reservation company as the first result. This does not seem helpful or relevant to the average US-based consumer, given that Google is aware of my location based on my IP address. Many people in the forums are suggesting that Allthewebcom has better search results overall. For instance, a comparison between 'do' and 'diveintomarkorg' shows more relevant search results from Allthewebcom." }, { "body": "It is my dog that has caused me to develop an ovarian cyst, and it is also because of my dog that my husband's lungs are affected by phlegm. I can confidently place the blame for these issues on my pet." }, { "body": "Email Subject: Insights from Ted Rall's South Asia Travel: Dealing with Bribe-Hungry Border Guards Dear , I wanted to share some valuable tips I learned during my recent interview with cartoonist Ted Rall, who has traveled extensively in South Asia. Here's how to navigate bribe-hungry border guards without paying a bribe or minimizing the amount: 1. Display confidence: Show them that you know the routine and understand that you don't have to give them anything. 2. Maintain a lowkey demeanor: Avoid anger as it will only escalate the situation. 3. Approach them directly: Get out of your vehicle, walk up to them, make eye contact, but not in an avoidant way. Offer a friendly greeting and a handshake. 4. Act like a used car salesman: Be charismatic and engaging, just as you would when selling a car. Always carry cigarettes and offer one to help break the ice. 5. Engage in small talk: These guards are often bored, located in remote areas, and may not have interacted with many people for hours. Use this opportunity to chat about simple things like the road conditions or their day. Hope these tips prove helpful during your future travels! Best regards, " }, { "body": "Rendering polygons is no longer a straightforward task due to the multitude of different rendering techniques, methods, and algorithms now available. The challenge lies not only in choosing the appropriate ones but also ensuring that they work harmoniously together. Some algorithms are incompatible and cannot be used concurrently; in such cases, one must be discarded while an alternative, compatible method is implemented. This discussion delves into how Factor tackled this issue during the development of Rogue Leader for GameCube." }, { "body": "Here is an op-ed piece regarding a contemporary operating system named Linux, which is developed through an approach known as the open source method. This article serves as a valuable resource for breaking news. Thank you, Dave." }, { "body": "Unencrypted keys transmitted as photons of light over long distances are a significant stride towards a secure global communication system." }, { "body": "Throughout October, the Berkeley Mathematical Sciences Research Institute is hosting Cinemath - a series dedicated to mathematics in film. In this avant-garde subset of Cinemath, we delve into films that have been constructed using mathematical concepts, both basic and intricate. These strategies include geometric permutations, musical frameworks, and even topography. Early pioneers like Oskar Fischinger and Walther Ruttmann, who created some of the earliest avant-garde films by manipulating abstract images, are among those showcased. Today, visual music and motion graphics, made possible by digital graphics, continue to thrive. Anthony McCall's film performances, such as 'Line Describing a Cone,' for instance, transform geometric shapes that viewers can literally step into. We also highlight films by pioneers of machine-generated and computer-produced animation, including Norman McLaren, James and John Whitney, Stan Vanderbeek, as well as works by contemporary animators who use the computer to create or pattern images. Larry Cuba, Paul Glabicki, James Otis, Peter Kubelka, Taka Iimura, and Standish Lawder utilize the frame as their creative tool for editing patterns. In contrast, Kurt Kren and Paul Sharits employ arithmetic systems to calculate compositional or editing patterns. Bette Gordon, Hollis Frampton, and Bruce Elder use algorithms, group theory, and set theory to graphically animate the frame or structure their films. No prior mathematical knowledge is necessary to enjoy these films. We invite you to try to discern the mathematical systems at play. Thank you." }, { "body": "The leaders of ethnic Greek and Turkish Cyprus will convene for critical discussions today, aimed at achieving unity on the island." }, { "body": "U.S. federal prosecutors have indicted the highest-ranking Enron executive at this time." }, { "body": "I've come to a realization recently - I've been coding in Perl for approximately seven to nine years, but I can't recall exactly. However, at some point, the excitement seemed to fade away. It was once a source of great enthusiasm." }, { "body": "Dismuke operates a one-hour radio station and has a RealAudio archive of some nice music. I recommend you to listen to my favorite music archive, Red Hot." }, { "body": "The issue of intermittent flakiness in our wireless network, occurring every few seconds with 'connection refused' messages from browsers and other network utilities, has been identified. The problem stems from running both the networkspy app (or other promiscuous network sniffers) and the built-in firewall on macOS simultaneously. This combination causes your computer to intercept every packet sent out on your wireless segment and respond with a rejected message. Therefore, it is recommended that users either turn off their firewall while using etherpeg, or vice versa. As for the unpredictable nature of networking, it can indeed be a stern mistress. Avoid the 'brown wifi' as much as possible." }, { "body": "Leslie, it's rumored that my possessions and I will be reunited in approximately..." }, { "body": "For the past couple of weeks, I have been at odds with Ian, my arch-nemesis. The issue at hand seems to be the poorly documented Hebrew traditional numbering." }, { "body": "The T-Mobile Sidekick and other instances of the Danger Hiptop (also known as the Palm Treo) are being marketed as mobile blogging tools, despite them being hacked." }, { "body": "I believe I'm on the verge of becoming one of those individuals who has a specific category in their blog for geek-related challenges, often referred to as a 'geek purity test'. This can be enjoyable, provided that one doesn't overestimate its importance or invest too much ego in it. In this case, I'm referring to the ability to process RSS feeds or wander into debates about RDF and RDF Query Language (RDFQL). The 'Marcus FOAF Autocreation Script' is progressing well; it's currently looping through my OPML blogroll file, checking for head-linked FOAF files, extracting certain elements if present, and generating a new FOAF file for 'Joe'. I've been persistently bugging poor 'Bill Kearney', seeking a clear advantage of incorporating RDF in RSS. However, I haven't received a convincing response that satisfies me yet. I revisited Paul Ford's essay hoping to regain the initial enthusiasm, but it didn't have the desired effect." }, { "body": "This week's Dan Gillmore column focuses on apples growing resistance against Hollywood's influence on general-purpose intelligent devices. While companies like Intel, Advanced Micro Devices, and Microsoft are embracing this trend, Apple Computer appears to be taking a different approach. Unlike others, it is not moving towards an anti-customer alliance with Hollywood's movie studios and the powerful entertainment cartel." }, { "body": "In the Brazilian elections, candidates representing various parties are given a political broadcast. Each candidate, in particular, is Alex Bello." }, { "body": "Airlines are receiving renewed demands to install fuel tank inerting systems, as Boeing has expressed concerns over potentially malfunctioning fuel pumps." }, { "body": "Despite the widespread belief, a recent study suggests that women experience the same mental health benefits from marriage as men." }, { "body": "Robbie Williams has joined the ranks of the world's highest-earning singers." }, { "body": "Bill Clinton and the Saga of Two Tonys: Howard Jacobson's Experience at His First Labour Party Conference" }, { "body": "Ed Felten has shared information about his 'Freedom to Tinker' website, specifically discussing the Tinkletoonz musical potty training aid. This innovative product offers a captivating musical experience by playing a tune when liquid is deposited in it, due to its digital audio capabilities. This places it under the category of a digital media device according to the Hollings CBDTPA. If the CBDTPA passes and new regulations are implemented, future manufacturing of Tinkletoonz musical potties may require incorporation of government-approved copy protection technology." }, { "body": "Bill Clinton uses his Labor Conference speech to advocate for George Bush's continued commitment towards the United Nations." }, { "body": "The daily business news indicates that we are in a prolonged economic slowdown, however, I have been receiving several job solicitations recently. These aren't just random headhunters or unknown entities; they are from people I know well who are familiar with my professional background." }, { "body": "Thank you for waiting. Now, we are resuming our normal operations." }, { "body": "Citing his background and deep roots in computing, he spent a considerable amount of time working on mainframes. He lamented missing out on the personal computer revolution but remained indifferent towards PCs for quite some time. However, an opportunity to work with one eventually presented itself." }, { "body": "According to the Inluminent weblog, there appear to be few bloggers at OSXcon. It seems that they are not writing posts, which is rather disappointing as they were active at OSC1 and the Emerging Technologies Conference. I wish I had the foresight to anticipate this." }, { "body": "Given the high number of North Sea harbor seals that have been killed, a repeat outbreak during the breeding season is extremely improbable." }, { "body": "My ex-lover visits studios to publicly criticize the former prime minister" }, { "body": "Last week, I observed that both Dave and Windley seemed to have taken notice of me. Since I've been consistently blogging, it appears I've come onto Windley's radar as well. He read my article about FreeBSD, Linux, and MySQL, which sparked an engaging conversation between us." }, { "body": "It appears there is disagreement on which UI between Mac OS X and Windows is superior. Tim O'Reilly did not find Mac OS appealing, while traditional Mac users express some discontent with the transition to OS X, perceiving it as a departure from their preferred style." }, { "body": "For the past four weeks, I have been engrossed in creating our custom Fogbugz setup program due to the lack of commercial tools that could perform the specific tasks required. As a result, I wrote it from scratch using VC and MFC. The process took longer than anticipated because I felt compelled to ensure the entire setup process was completely reversible. This means that if you navigate backwards through the wizard, it will automatically and silently undo any changes made. Therefore, even if you decide to change where to extract files on the last screen, you can simply backtrack and make the alteration. All the old files overwritten are put back, all Windows accounts created are uncreated, all permissions granted are ungranted, the SQL database is unmade, and so on. While the end result is a robust setup program, it might be considered excessive if time allows, I will provide more insights about what I learned. One advantage of writing a setup program from scratch is that I was able to avoid using someone else's cartoon of a computer and floppy disks in the upper right corner. Instead, I used a photograph of the London skyline, currently infested with cranes, which I took at the Tate Modern caf ." }, { "body": "Washington has indicated that it may utilize United Nations weapons inspections as a potential precursor for a military intervention in Iraq." }, { "body": "Here's a fictional character interpretation of Boing Boing Zine and Blog if they were TV characters: Jethro Bodine from The Beverly Hillbillies would embody the spirit of the Boing Boing Zine. Curious, neophilic, xenophilic, and gleeful, he's always eager to adopt any new theory or conspiracy as the absolute truth. The blog, on the other hand, would be akin to Sherman from Peabody's Improbable History. A time-traveler exploring beauty, truth, and the unusual, he represents the blog's quest for knowledge. In this fictional scenario, Jethro Boing Boing and Sherman Boing Boing would make great friends. Jethro, with his adventurous spirit, would invite Sherman's dog Mr. Peabody to go raccoon hunting with him, while Sherman would take Jethro on exciting trips through time to experience the future, perhaps even hanging out at the Playboy Mansion." }, { "body": "Java has been successful across various platforms, however its success on the desktop seems to be overshadowed by its prominence on servers. This apparent downplay of desktop news may stem from its significant use in server applications. Another factor that might have contributed to this situation is the longstanding competition between Java and Microsoft, particularly with regard to their respective technologies." }, { "body": "Mark and I were among the numerous remarkable contributors to a new book titled 'The Catalog of Tomorrow' from Techtv. This publication serves as a modern-day counterpart to the Whole Earth Catalog, focusing on futuristic technologies. It features impressive illustrated spreads throughout. To get a glimpse and purchase this book, you can visit Powells or any other preferred independent bookstore. Thank you, Andrew." }, { "body": "The launch has been postponed until at least Monday due to bad weather in Houston, marking the first time inclement weather has delayed a shuttle flight." }, { "body": "We had an excellent panel on Digital Rights Management and the Digital Hub at OSXcon yesterday, featuring Tim O'Reilly, Victor Nemachek from El Gato (makers of the Eyetv digital TV recorder for Mac), Dan Gillmor, and JD Lasica, who is working on a book about fair use and copyfights. Glenn Fleishman took extensive notes throughout the discussion. The main points revolved around the idea that obscurity can serve as a tool. For instance, many books published in the US are forgotten after their initial publication. Piracy, rather than being widespread, tends to occur in rare cases and is more like theft for most publications. Publishers often put books that an author has spent years creating on shelves for just three months if they don't sell, and the author has no rights during this period, with the publisher retaining rights until the book goes out of print. In essence, oblivion is the fate of most pirated materials. People generally respect creators' rights, making piracy a marginal act. The publishing industry may undergo changes, but it will not disappear entirely. Early on in the web, the idea was that everyone could be a publisher, and the way websites interact with publishers is similar to how book publishers try to secure placement and position in bookstores. Publishing can be seen as aggregation, and people will reemerge as publishers. The question remains whether Hollywood will become the publishers of the future or if someone else will take on that role. As users continue to adopt programs like Kazaa, media companies may adapt, but if changes are hardcoded into law, we could be stuck with certain mistakes for a long time." }, { "body": "A distinguished group of scientists are urging the UK government to declare that Britain will forgo nuclear weapons upon the decommissioning of the Trident missile system." }, { "body": "It appears that Phil Ringnalda was asking about NetNewsWire Lite, specifically if it comes with a crack. However, it's important to clarify that software cracks are illegal and unethical. NetNewsWire Lite is a legitimate software and can be obtained through official channels." }, { "body": "This discussion is intended to steer clear of technical or marketing aspects, and instead veer towards a more meandering conversation. Living Above the Curve BB is an intriguing company as they have been Mac-exclusive and have operated in business for over a decade." }, { "body": "On Thursday, observers Tracy McVeigh and experts Tim Brighouse and Ann Hodgson will be here to review the government's record. Please submit your questions in advance." }, { "body": "The magnitude of this year's A-level crisis exceeds our initial anticipation. The investigation into allegations of grade manipulation has disclosed" }, { "body": "In a surprising revelation, Backstreet Boy Kevin Richardson testified that they had never received a royalty check. He stated that after their third consecutive hit album failed to generate any revenue for them, they only received a significant advance." }, { "body": "I recently delved into the history of the tilde symbol at D's suggestion, as her company has reportedly blocked URLs containing a tilde due to their presumed link to personal sites. This restriction on access during work hours might be justifiable given the nature of her job, but let's move past corporate politics and focus on the fascinating story behind this symbol. The tilde is a common command-line shorthand for navigating directories, leading to one's home directory with 'cd' or another user's home directory with 'cd username'. However, in macOS, it points to their public file sharing directory when web sharing is enabled. This historical background gives rise to the use of tildes in URLs to denote personal pages today. I find Jukka to be an expert on this topic, and he has written extensively about the tilde, including a treatise that ironically contains a tilde in its URL. The tilde was initially used as an alternate for the '~' character, later evolving into a general-purpose character with various geeky uses. Jukka confirms that it originated as an overline replacement, but somewhere along the line, it became associated with the Spanish ' '. Despite extensive research, I could not find definitive information about the origins of the tilde or the acronym used in the watershed meeting where its use was proposed in the USA. Its role as a synonym for 'home' or 'personal' websites can be traced back to its use on Usenet, and it became popular in web servers around the same time to provide individual users with their own sites." }, { "body": "Hi Radio, This is regarding the update for the 'didoubledecoding' bug in the aggregator. Brad has not sanitized the data post-yesterday's fix. 'movable type plugin' named Brad is used to clean HTML and other markup that might exist in comments. Scott, the process John mentioned, database refactoring, involves making a simple change to the database schema that enhances its design while maintaining both its behavioral and informational aspects. For Mac OS X users who have been using Windows Outlook for years with their old emails in PST files, we aim to help them transition by converting their mail from the proprietary PST format into the standards-based mbox format. Shelley and RDF Queryomatic spent the afternoon tirelessly working on RDF Queryomatic and Light despite numerous hurdles. Sunshine had a cat on her lap, languidly working to bring you RDF Queryomatic. Bill is a tool for Radio Userland. Using it will enable your install to produce XML. Paul has borrowed a turkey from me." }, { "body": "I believe you are referring to the ongoing discussion about CSS versus tables in web design, which seems to recur periodically. To put it more succinctly, I recall that you were on the pro-CSS side in this debate. As for your recollection of the argument: should one design with web standards and CSS because it will futureproof a site for the hypothetical future when people browse the web on mobile devices, let me clarify that this is not necessarily the case. While there are many arguments in favor of designing with web standards, futureproofing your site for the next generation of mobile devices is not one of them. The theory is sound, but it appears that the creators of mobile devices failed to receive this memo, as evidenced by the current state of practical implementation." }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, We have taken notice of the recent redesign on Jeffrey Party's website. The new layout, which incorporates font tags and other deprecated elements reminiscent of early XHTML and CSS, is concerning when a company that once contributed to web standards seems to either ignore or misuse them in its corporate site. Moreover, the design fails even the most basic accessibility tests. The home page, for instance, contains images without alt text - an issue that led to a successful lawsuit against the Sydney Organizing Committee for the Olympic Games. To better comprehend the experience, imagine covering your entire monitor except for the top line and scrolling slowly so you can only read one line at a time. Despite nothing being technically locked out, all links are regular links, and no JavaScript is required to function, the unaltered images, mostly serving as spacers or bullet points, clutter the page severely, making navigation a challenge. I shudder to think what it would sound like through a screen reader. In my search for the search box, I found myself in a labyrinth: .gif .gif search for .gif .gif form edit box .gif submit button go .gif link advanced search .gif. I trust you were not searching for Microsoft's accessibility homepage; it is the link on the page. Yours sincerely," }, { "body": "Montana's Libertarian candidate for senator, who began drinking a homemade colloidal silver concoction to prevent bacterial infections, is alarmed that conventional antibiotics may not be available in the new millennium. Unfortunately, his skin has turned permanently blue as a result. Thank you for the image, Nelson." }, { "body": "Executive compensation has risen at a rate faster than average earnings, averaging last year's figures." }, { "body": "A recent census of the global robot population has revealed a concerning decrease in robot population growth. However, the number of our robotic offspring suggests otherwise. Last year, a significant number of domestic help robots were sold worldwide, with half designed for lawn mowing and vacuum cleaning robots being introduced towards the end of the year. Furthermore, a study conducted in Sweden found that window cleaning robots saw a surge in sales during the last two months of the year. According to a UN study, window cleaning robots are expected to see a boom. (Thanks for the info on gatfishing.)" }, { "body": "The President's niece will no longer need to forge Valium prescriptions, as an alternative solution has been proposed. However, she will still have to rely on her drug dealer for cocaine, as the government has no plans to distribute it during demonstrations. Interestingly, the US military is investigating methods to use drugs like Valium to pacify crowds during riots or similar situations where lethal weapons are inappropriate, without causing fatalities." }, { "body": "The shipments of affordable medications are being seized and subsequently resold at exorbitant prices." }, { "body": "A San Francisco taxi driver, who is often well-educated and firm in their opinions, has written an essay discussing the difficulty of obtaining a taxi in San Francisco. The essence of the issue is that when you call a cab company in San Francisco, your request is not treated as a binding contract but merely a suggestion. Thus, the question arises: why don't cab companies ensure timely or any pick-ups at all? The reason lies in labor laws: if a company orders a driver to perform a specific task, it creates an employer-employee relationship. However, by outsourcing work to independent contractors, cab companies can avoid costly expenses such as disability and social security taxes. Moreover, this arrangement prevents the contractor drivers from unionizing." }, { "body": "Yesterday, the United States and Britain instructed the chief UN weapons inspector to defer resumption of inspections in Iraq until new guidelines have been approved." }, { "body": "The defective yeti did not enjoy Culture Jam. I read it about a year ago and joined Adbusters due to my appreciation for the book. However, what resonated with me the most was its message which I found deeply meaningful." }, { "body": "A congressional report provides a critical overview of the banking sector during the dotcom boom era." }, { "body": "Is it just me, or is RSS on the brink of critical mass? I'm referring to that stage where an article in The Wall Street Journal mentions it, and now I've learned that it's being taught." }, { "body": "Kevin McKenzie has become the leading contender to assume leadership at the controversy-ridden Royal Ballet." }, { "body": "The issue with the unreliable wireless network at O'Reilly OS X Con, which causes 'connection refused' messages every few seconds from the browser and other utilities, has been identified by Rob Pringles, Cliff Skolnik, and others. It appears that running network spying apps like NetworkSpy or any other promiscuous network sniffer along with the built-in firewall in OS X results in your computer intercepting every packet sent out on your wireless segment and responding to it with a rejected message. To resolve this issue, those who are experiencing it are advised to either turn off the firewall while using etherpeg or vice versa. Thank you, Rob Pringles." }, { "body": "The BBClive and SkyBacked service will commence by the end of this month, offering free channels." }, { "body": "Tony Blair has stepped away from a minister under scrutiny for alleged interference in an election for the leadership of the Labour Party's largest trade union faction." }, { "body": "A trial of a promising French treatment for the fatal 'Bubble Boy' disease has been halted due to one patient developing leukemia." }, { "body": "There is a minor issue concerning A-Level education that requires attention, however, it will not affect student grants or the charitable status of public schools." }, { "body": "An unspecified material that transforms into a conductor upon exposure to light is claimed to lower the cost of large LCD displays and optical data storage systems." }, { "body": "After a year-long search, we received entries from over 200 countries and collected more than two million ratings. The analysis has now been completed." }, { "body": "An increasing number of French individuals are challenging both the medical verdict and the law that allowed a Vichy war criminal to live freely, as reported by Jon Henley." }, { "body": "The drugs designed to prevent diabetes complications may function by impeding accelerated aging. Future iterations of these drugs might potentially delay the onset of aging symptoms in everyone." }, { "body": "The game 'doom' has been successfully transferred to the Nokia handset through Ben." }, { "body": "The Wall Street Journal has published a roundup of phone companies, ranking them based on performance and price. Notably absent from this list is Nextel, whose Hullking Milspec handset I've been using for years with exceptional reception across the US and Canada. However, their frontline customer service leaves much to be desired. On the other hand, T-Mobile, undergoing a significant transformation in recent months, has changed its name and launched an ad campaign featuring Ms. Zeta Jones. T-Mobile, a subsidiary of Deutsche Telekom, is known for having a weak national network, with the FCC receiving complaints about the company in the past year, giving it one of the worst complaint rates in the industry. T-Mobile claims that their complaint rate has decreased and that they have made substantial network improvements, but they remain the cheapest wireless provider available with an average cost of just cents per minute. Verizon, on the contrary, costs significantly more at cents per minute." }, { "body": "The ancient remains of fishermen who were bound and stabbed through the heart have been unearthed from a beach." }, { "body": "Worldcom, the largest internet traffic carrier globally, has experienced a significant outage affecting millions of users." }, { "body": "Take a look at this peculiar Easter egg I discovered in the MacOS Sharing control panel." }, { "body": "The Law Lords will consider a case contesting a law that amplifies big money's influence even further." }, { "body": "The government is augmenting secondments from sectors such as energy and construction, but they are attempting to maintain a low profile." }, { "body": "The significant actions taken by record companies underscore a shifting scenario, particularly as the classical market faces challenges." }, { "body": "Viral antibodies have been detected in a one-month-old baby as the US death toll escalates rapidly." }, { "body": "A detector from NASA's asteroid-chasing probe will soon aid detectives in solving gun crimes and murder cases." }, { "body": "Your email stated that research on scrotal asymmetry and the surface area of elephants was among those who received a spoof award. Here's a possible rephrase: 'The study on scrotal asymmetry in elephants' surface area, along with other projects, was humorously recognized with a spoof award.'" }, { "body": "House prices have risen significantly, by up to, over the last year in certain regions." }, { "body": "Andrew Osborn reports that calls for an investigation into Belgium's complex wartime history are gaining momentum in Brussels." }, { "body": "Dear Editor, I recently came across an intriguing story for the village voice that I believe your readers would appreciate. It's about some unusual museums in New York, but allow me to share a personal favorite instead - the Museo de Criminologia in San Jose, Costa Rica. This unique museum houses grisly artifacts from infamous crimes, such as macheted remains, brainpans, severed limbs preserved in formaldehyde jars. Just a stone's throw away is another must-see, the Freakatorium or El Museo Loco, a veritable treasure trove of curiosities. This museum belongs to sword swallower Johnny Fox and focuses on the rich history of America's earliest museums, from P.T. Barnum's American Museum to the Bowery Dime Museums. The collection includes unusual items like the walrus penis bone and a variety of other animal bones (coyote, mink, fox, raccoon) that make one feel they are getting their money's worth. However, it's not just the oddities that make this museum worth visiting; it's also home to authentic Jivaro shrunken heads, a conjoined pair of piglets in a jar, an abundance of taxidermy, including a stunning zebra head, and giant rings. Thank you for considering my submission. Best regards," }, { "body": "A collision that can be observed from start to finish for the first time might offer insights into how the universe's largest single objects are initially formed." }, { "body": "The Blair Initiative suffers a crushing setback, occurring just days after its unveiling at the Labour Conference." }, { "body": "Neil Gaiman has won his lawsuit against Todd McFarlane. He was vindicated in his assertion that McFarlane breached contracts, stole characters and misused his name. As the verdict was read, McFarlane looked down somberly, his gaze shifting between the individual jury members as the judge polled them. He appeared to study their expressions, offering a silent thanks." }, { "body": "British national Richard Reid admits guilt for attempting to detonate an aircraft on board" }, { "body": "Anil Dash found that the T-Mobile Sidekick's web browser is inconsistent in loading certain pages, and he decided to modify his page to align with the browser's idiosyncrasies. He searched for technical documents on how to manipulate web pages according to your browser's specifications, but was unable to find any. Additionally, he sought a desktop emulator to simulate your device on his computer, which he also could not find. Furthermore, he looked for an acknowledgement of the limitations of your device and indication that improvements are forthcoming, but did not find one. Thank you." }, { "body": "The application 'sixdegress' for OS X scans your hard drive to establish connections between files and folders related to people. I came across it during Laura Carpenter's talk at the OS X conference yesterday, and it seems quite impressive. I've just downloaded the demo version to explore its features such as locating files with similar names or revisions anywhere on your system, displaying all email threads related to any file or person on your desktop, showing all files a person has sent you regardless of their location on your computer, creating dynamic self-updating projects, finding misfiles or attachments quickly without searching through desktop folders, and navigating and opening any message, file, or person on your desktop with a single click. Thanks for introducing me to it, Laura!" }, { "body": "An incident involving a Florida journalist who was killed by anthrax sent through the mail sparked a chain reaction of copycat hoaxers. Journalist Jon Ronson follows their trail in an interactive documentary titled 'Steve'. The government's Home Office is planning to revise the Geneva refugee convention as a result." }, { "body": "Stefan invites us to visit his site, Lilekss, showcasing a gallery of historical advertising and postcard photos of Times Square. Due to bandwidth constraints, Stefan kindly requests us to consider using the tip jar instead. Thank you, Stefan." }, { "body": "Factional groups are vying for dominance over fractured legislatures and executive branches." }, { "body": "Billionaire brothers expand their business empire with a new store acquisition." }, { "body": "Arsenal midfielder expresses confidence that the Premier League champions have the potential to emerge as the best team globally." }, { "body": "Greg Wood comments on BBC Panorama's racing corruption programme, stating that it uncovers nothing particularly new." }, { "body": "Disgraced peer, Jeffrey Archer, is expected to publish his Belmarsh Diaries. However, this move could potentially add another year to his incarceration according to Kamal Ahmed's reports." }, { "body": "The Brazilian observer is voting today, and all signs point towards its million voters electing a man who used to sell peanuts next to Luiz In cio Lula da Silva." }, { "body": "It appears that I am about to disclose a remarkable invitation, which many of you may have already surmised. I will be attending oral arguments for the Eldred case before the Supreme Court. As you can probably imagine, visiting the Supreme Court is an incredible opportunity in itself, but it's even more special because this is a Dayenu case - a case with significant implications. Lessig asked me if I was available that day to attend, and I couldn't think of anything I'd rather do. I am deeply grateful to Lessig for this opportunity. However, I feel somewhat embarrassed to have been offered such a privilege when there are certainly others who deserve it far more than me. Luckily, it seems that those deserving individuals will be able to secure seats by camping in line with us, so I'll be arriving in DC on Tuesday. We plan to attend an Eldred bookmobile superparty and then camp in line with Seth, Lisa, Rein, Jace, but unfortunately not Cory Doctorow. If you'd like to join us, let me know. Unfortunately, only lawyers and those with official press credentials are allowed to take notes during the hearing. I find this rule quite restrictive, but I hope to remember enough to provide an engaging account. In a related irony, today was Disney day at work where they played Disney rock songs too loudly, disrupting my usual routine of reading a book. On an unrelated note, if you haven't experienced electrocution from a Model T spark plug, I highly recommend it." }, { "body": "A catastrophic new computer virus is wreaking havoc globally, as it crashes systems, disseminates confidential emails, and pilfers credit card details." }, { "body": "A UK scientist suggests that the popularity of garage or car boot sales might be contributing to a recent global resurgence of bothersome insects." }, { "body": "Stefan, it seems that Stan Jones isn't the only person who has turned himself blue due to quack silver remedies. Rosemary, too, took silver supplements for her allergies and set up this site as a warning to others about the life-long horror of blue skin. Thank you, Stefan." }, { "body": "Michael McKevitt, founder of the Real IRA, is expected to serve fewer than two more years in prison as part of a deal that conceals his role in Ireland." }, { "body": "A friend of mine who curls has made it big with a curling video game, according to them. Despite this, they claim that curling is far more enjoyable to play than it is to watch. Additionally, the fact that beer can and should be consumed while playing seems to disqualify it as a sport in their opinion. However, I respectfully disagree." }, { "body": "Is the individual who departs last from the Conservative Party responsible for turning off the lights? Rachel Cooke searches across the country seeking Conservative crossword puzzles, and Steve News and Commentary launches a new 'SUS' section." }, { "body": "Glenn Fleishman has penned an open letter to the InfoWorld writer who published a piece ambivalent about WarChalking stories, which involve allegations of unauthorized access to open but not shared Wi-Fi networks. The only source of information regarding these incidents seems to be through law enforcement, with no specific locations, arrests, or photos of the offending marks being disclosed." }, { "body": "It has been reported that Osama bin Laden is allegedly alive and is said to be frequently meeting Mullah Omar, the fugitive Taliban leader, based on a call intercepted by American spy satellites." }, { "body": "Jon Lebkowsky has shared a small collection of pictures from my talk at ActLab, University of Texas, and a few shots from the scrumptious BBQ we enjoyed prior. Noteworthy is that I had an Atkins-compliant lunch. It was an incredible time, thanks to the organizers, particularly Jon for arranging it. The highlight for me was meeting the Boing Boing readers who attended the talk. I'm grateful." }, { "body": "Stockbrokers globally are preparing for a potentially catastrophic week as concerns escalate regarding a possible 1930s-style global financial crisis." }, { "body": "David Seaman will continue as England's goalkeeper when their European Championship qualifying campaign resumes in Slovakia this Saturday." }, { "body": "Ian utilized some of Perl's more advanced features, such as method lookup instead of a switch statement for preprocessing instruction dispatching, and exceptions instead of passing error codes back. It seems that Perl programmers have a knack for imitating Python programmers in a cute way." }, { "body": "Modern Living is a collection of brief flash animations that employ recursions, melancholic music, and minimal interactivity to create poignant yet speechless existentialist moral tales. It's as if Philip K. Dick's works have been transformed into a sequence of five-second interactive animations. I've spent an entire hour engrossed in this, and now I feel like watching a Pinter play. Thanks!" }, { "body": "A blind user has sued Southwest and American Airlines over their website's accessibility, citing a Miami Beach-based disability rights group called 'Access Now'. The lawsuits were filed in the U.S. District Court in Miami in June and July under the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). They are using an untested legal theory that ADA provisions for the accessibility of public accommodations to the disabled apply to internet websites as they do to physical facilities like movie theaters and department stores. In five months, all web authoring tools will fully embrace CSS accessibility and web standards. Those that don't will become obsolete. This is a seven-month prediction; time is ticking." }, { "body": "We have hired a photographer for our wedding who offers a light touch with competitive prices and has excellent digital camera quality. They can design the albums we desire, incorporating some artistic touches to enhance the images. Their portfolio includes bridal portraits, engagement shoots, as well as full-day wedding coverage. They work exclusively with digital cameras, providing us with all the raw pictures straight from their devices - no other photographer we met came close." }, { "body": "Michael, I would have preferred a name that reflects aspects more central to my identity such as 'Justice' or 'Wisdom'. " }, { "body": "Michael, are the most frequently used Oblivio search terms since October particularly noteworthy to you?" }, { "body": "The Department of Energy (DOE) has announced a new high-speed data transfer system that runs through drillpipes using steel pipes immersed in electrically conductive mud. This system can operate at pressures up to atmospheric levels, temperatures as low as -20 degrees Celsius, and with vibrational accelerations reaching hundreds of Gs. The key feature is a high-speed bidirectional communication link that allows for the evaluation of drilling system parameters such as azimuth, inclination, pressure, temperature, loads, and vibration almost instantaneously. Additionally, it can provide information on rock characteristics near the drill bit. This new technology may also make previously unattainable feats such as collecting high-resolution seismic data at the drill bit possible. This could enable operators to steer the drill bit more precisely towards oil and gas-bearing sweet spots and away from less productive areas, thereby increasing the efficiency of oil and gas wells and reducing the number of wells needed to produce a reservoir." }, { "body": "Scripting languages enable swift development of game behaviors, avoiding the pitfalls that can ensnare an unaware C programmer. By utilizing an existing scripting language, you bypass the time and cost associated with creating a custom language, and typically gain access to a much more powerful language than what you could develop on your own. Python is a superb choice for game scripting due to its power, ease of embedding, and ability to be seamlessly extended using C code." }, { "body": "Equipped with a license for a cult film and aware of the substantial fan base for The Italian Job in the UK, Pixelogic embarked on creating a game that not only captured the essence of the film but also offered a gaming experience that was worthwhile." }, { "body": "Researchers have found that the T cells of HIV patients who remain healthy for extended periods replicate at an unusually rapid rate. This discovery may lead to the development of more effective treatments." }, { "body": "As game developers continue to innovate and refine established genres, the value of licensing physics engines is increasingly evident. Physics engines do more than just cause boxes to fall, they require a fairly complex interface in order to access their advanced features." }, { "body": "The use of color-changing plastic discs, meant to be placed inside food packaging as an indicator, could potentially serve as warnings for consumers when the contents have gone bad." }, { "body": "Medieval religious artifacts rescued from the damage inflicted during Henry VIII's reign and the Civil War are now on display in Leeds." }, { "body": "Security in cyberspace differs significantly from traditional computer systems, as cyber entertainment primarily needs to be enjoyable for the majority of its users. This means it can accommodate a small level of vandalism while still remaining useful. On the other hand, commerce-oriented systems have stricter requirements, necessitating near perfection. However, even though we still face challenges, it's reassuring that our system needs to be around 99% clean, rather than 100%. We aim to minimize corruption, but our system's failure threshold is more achievable than one might initially believe." }, { "body": "In the gaming industry, when we refer to a game as 'addictive', we understand it in a positive context - meaning people enjoy playing it repeatedly and cannot get enough of it. However, using the term 'addiction' may create unfavorable impressions with the general public. As such, it is crucial to find alternative ways to express this desirable quality when discussing our games." }, { "body": "In our second installment from GDC Europe, we interview Bill Fulton from Microsoft about usability testing for games, Zeno Colaco regarding pitching to publishers, and Harvey Smith of Ion Storm on emergent game design." }, { "body": "Initially, there was an era when computers had more memory than was ever required, a time before memory managers existed. However, as new computer systems with larger memories emerged, designers found ways to consume RAM at a rate faster than the system could provide it. This discourse revolves around Tiburon's experiences in revising and optimizing the memory manager for Madden NFL to Madden NFL." }, { "body": "Professional football players might find solace in football video games as a form of wishfulfillment, where they can manage their team without the constraints of coaches and bosses. This could potentially explain the popularity of The Sims, a game that seems monotonous on the surface but offers an intriguing alternative reality for players to experiment with different life paths and scenarios. It's interesting how these games, which allow players to manipulate their in-game existence slightly, can be appealing even when one is seeking escape from reality. The concept of football players appearing in licensed video games as themselves is intriguing, much like the episode of The Simpsons where Mr. Burns encounters Krusty buying Krusty-Os at the supermarket and wonders where he can find Burns-Os. For every child who spends hours engrossed in video games, there's a group of offensive linemen engaged in friendly competitions, ranging from Madden NFL to Halo: Combat Evolved." }, { "body": "In our wrap-up from GDC Europe, we summarize the conference sessions and ECTS expo, emphasizing the escalating intricacy in game development." }, { "body": "Here in the U.S., we were playing the Nintendo Entertainment System, known as the Famicom in Japan, and a third of its initial game's music was composed by Hirokazu 'Hip' Tanaka while he was with Nintendo Co., Ltd. Over the years, he has written music for numerous other games, designed the Game Boy Camera and Printer, and also scored the soundtrack for the Pok mon TV series. Recently, Alexander Brandon caught up with this legendary composer." }, { "body": "In the first installment of a two-part series, we interview Mark Cerny about game preproduction, Jonty Barnes about camera control, and Jason Kingsley about ratings and censorship at GDC Europe." }, { "body": "The technique described in this feature, drawn from Wolfgang Engels' ShaderX book by Wordware Publishing, provides a straightforward shader trick that approximates non-integer power functions well at the pixel level. This method works for input values ranging from 0 to 1 and accommodates large exponents. Notably, this shader does not rely on texture lookups and is scalable, allowing for more instructions to be spent in reducing error or achieving greater exponents." }, { "body": "Today, the trial for the Shayler case begins at the Old Bailey. Previously, it has been alleged that UK politicians Blunkett and Straw attempted to intimidate the judge in this case." }, { "body": "Ubisoft China has been considering developing a PC game for the local market, but various factors have delayed this initiative. However, in January, an attractive incentive encouraged Ubisoft China to pursue a local project. This incentive came in the form of acquiring the license for music from a popular animated property." }, { "body": "Disney's theme park business is facing significant challenges globally, with a potential war with Iraq posing a significant risk. Despite aggressively adding attractions and steadily increasing admission prices to boost profits, this strategy has led to record profits for Disney year after year according to historian and author David Koenig. However, overexposure could lead to a decrease in theme park operating income this year to $50 billion as stated by Prudential Securities analyst Katherine Styponiatis. She also suggests that the business could potentially climb back up to $100 billion depending on whether the US decides to go to war with Iraq." }, { "body": "Troy Paradise is an adaptable and innovative artist, boasting more than seven years of expertise in the video game sector. He has worked independently as a lead artist and also as a college art instructor." }, { "body": "However, these so-called industry analysts have uttered four words that may cause discomfort among your investors, positioning you squarely in the market's hot spot or prompting retail buyers to rush to the phones to either increase or cancel their large order of your game. One might wonder who these analysts are who claim to predict the future and set trends. Are they indeed real people?" }, { "body": "Rendering polygons has become more complex due to the abundance of different rendering techniques, methods, and algorithms available. Selecting the appropriate ones is a challenge, as their compatibility can be problematic some do not work together at all, necessitating the use of only one while replacing another with a more compatible method. This article delves into how Factor addressed this issue during the development of Rogue Leader for GameCube." }, { "body": "As project budgets reach millions of dollars and errors are virtually impossible, development teams face intense pressure to excel in the highly competitive entertainment software market. No team manager wishes to falter when it comes to delivering the stunning graphics essential for a game's success, as exemplified by Electronic Arts' Sims franchise under such pressurized circumstances. This article underscores the critical factors influencing the large-scale asset production required for today's most demanding games." }, { "body": "Welcome to Virtools! If you're new to our product, it's a production environment akin to Adobe Director, enabling swift application creation. The second version of Virtools significantly expands upon its predecessors, maintaining a familiar interface while incorporating a multitude of innovative features that enhance the final product." }, { "body": "In the realm of video games, Max Payne, Elite Force, Theif ICO Deux Ex, Oddworld, Medal of Honor, Baldur's Gate, and the latest Final Fantasy titles are all pushing the boundaries of game design. These innovations are creating new forms of entertainment and art that retain traditional gaming elements while incorporating advanced storytelling and characterization. This period is truly exhilarating for those involved in designing each progression. This article delves into four unique methods to employ symbols to elicit an emotional response from the audience." }, { "body": "My government initiated operations in Afghanistan under the pretext of building an oil pipeline, but all I received was confusion and disillusionment. Since our inception of discussions with the Taliban for pipeline permissions, we even flew Mullah Omar to Texas in an attempt to persuade him. After it became apparent that this approach wouldn't succeed, we resorted to threats and small-scale attacks for a year prior to the official invasion, which was already planned two months before the attacks. The timing of our military intervention provided a convenient cloak for their plans. The Afghanistan President we installed, Karzai, who had worked for the oil company Unocal and previously focused on the pipeline rather than nation rebuilding, presides over an inoperable pipeline due to its excessive cost and vulnerability to sabotage by warlords. Pakistan is believed to harbor Osama bin Laden, who funded attacks but did not execute them. It's more likely that Islamic Jihad from Egypt perpetrated the attacks. If we genuinely aimed to combat terrorism, we should have targeted the real perpetrators. If our goal was to curb anti-American sentiment, we should have confronted Saudi Arabia and Pakistan instead. Our military intervention created an opportune escape route for bin Laden and failed to stabilize Afghanistan, leaving it as devastated as ever. Tragically, our government exploited the public's grief, naivety, and thirst for justice and vengeance. They capitalized on this moment not for the greater good but to enrich themselves and their associates, putting the rest of us at risk. I believe that the inherent goodness of the American people will inspire them to recognize and rectify these actions." }, { "body": "Modern game rendering engines employ various Hidden Surface Removal (HSR) techniques tailored to different game genres. For instance, action games set in enclosed locations necessitate an engine capable of swiftly rendering a few hundred polygons, offering high frame rates, and delivering intricate details to captivate players. On the other hand, outdoor games demand a contrasting approach. The following technique, utilizing object occlusion, is suitable for engines using this method." }, { "body": "With audiences increasingly discerning about computer graphics, traditional techniques such as fractal noise and procedural woodgrain textures are no longer enough to secure glowing reviews. Enter the latest offering from our stable - Darktree, an advanced tool for artists seeking to create intricate multi-layered shaders. From lifelike natural surfaces to animated pyrotechnics and flatshaded cartoon renderings, Darktree caters to a wide range of artistic needs." }, { "body": "Iain Duncan Smith is set to risk his political career by advocating for a revisit of Margaret Thatcher's revolution this week." }, { "body": "A French ship catches fire off the coast of Yemen" }, { "body": "Abbey National has received a takeover bid from Bank of Ireland, potentially encouraging other potential bidders to make their offers." }, { "body": "Currently, a million pheasants are being reared for the UK's fastest growing sport" }, { "body": "A student has initiated the first legal proceeding regarding this year's A-level crisis." }, { "body": "Ugo Ehiogu will replace Rio Ferdinand in the England squad due to his sudden and unexpected withdrawal." }, { "body": "Pension specialists suggest that financial incentives could be employed to increase the retirement age." }, { "body": "Stormont is on the brink of collapse due to Sinn Fein's demonstrations over accusations against it." }, { "body": "Dear , Contrary to repeated allegations, it has been demonstrated that DECSS is not a concern as it involves the use of legal off-the-shelf consumer software for making digital copies of DVDs. In this comprehensive report, I illustrate the process using a PowerBook with a slot-loading DVD drive, specifically the Monsters Inc. Collector's Edition DVD. Here are the steps: 1. Insert the DVD into the drive. 2. Notice how Jaguar automatically loads the DVD player for you. 3. Open the DVD and find the 'videots' folder on your hard drive by dragging it from the desktop. 4. Eject the DVD, then in the DVD player select 'Open videots folder' from the file menu. 5. Use the dialog that appears to select the 'videots' folder on your hard drive. 6. Now, the DVD plays just as if it were still in the drive. Furthermore, I could upload this DVD onto my site for download or share it via a network without any decryption or violation of the DMCA. Seth Schoen, whose opinions I greatly value in these matters, finds it improbable that the DVD was CSS-encrypted if it was possible to do so. Should it turn out that the DVD is indeed CSS-encrypted, it would be fascinating to know why Disney has released such a major film without encryption. If you have any suggestions on how to verify this, I'd appreciate your input. Best, " }, { "body": "Here's a guide on how to obscure a surveillance camera using a laser pointer." }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, Docomo has published a paper proposing the use of human flesh as a networking device. The idea is that a PDA can transmit and receive weak electrical signals through people, using their bodies as communication circuits. Interestingly, apparel and handbags have natural conductivity which allows an electrical connection to a PDA. This means that by simply shaking hands or carrying these items, people can exchange email addresses, names, and phone numbers with the data automatically being written into both their PDAs. Thanks, Alan" }, { "body": "I had the pleasure of speaking at the Mac OS X conference in Santa Clara last week. It was a fantastic event and it was great to meet many people I've only communicated with via email, such as Rael Dornfest, Danny O'Brien, and Glenn Fleishman. Attached is the presentation I gave." }, { "body": "Dear User, I have made some adjustments to my Windows system setup in an effort to increase productivity. I use the main level of the Start menu with numbered shortcuts for my most common programs, including command lines and Explorer windows in various useful directories. The same directories are accessible via the corresponding dos shortcuts when the shift key is held down. I have rearranged lesser-used programs to be directly in the Programs submenu and given them unique first letters as needed. I have removed all submenus except for Startup, and deleted accessories if they are not used frequently. I use a key next to my left Alt key to open the Start menu with my left thumb without moving my fingers from the home keys. Otherwise, Ctrl + Esc always works to open the menu. In Mozilla and Emacs, I quit applications as soon as I'm done using them, mainly due to limited memory on my laptop. I have installed Cygwin, a collection of Windows ports of popular Unix utilities, for an effective command line experience. I have set the properties of my command line shortcuts to maximize the window size and buffer, and prevent the system from repositioning the window in Mozilla. My home page is set to Google search, and I use tabbed browsing and background loading for efficient web surfing. In Internet Explorer, I have deleted all preinstalled bookmarks and created two new ones that take me to my webmail and internal site. I use emacs locally and vi remotely due to some issues with the default behavior of emacs. I have set up a hacked Notepad to open text files in emacs, and I store all backups in a single directory. I do not use the Windows directory structure for user home directories on my D drive. Instead, I have directories for books, personal projects, and work projects under CVS as my default download directory for all programs that download things. All my contacts' information is stored in a plain text file called 'phone', with simple keywords to categorize people. I use mxoccur in emacs to search by keyword. This file is my most backed up possession. Other essential free Windows utilities I use include TweakUI, replacing Notepad with it. Best," }, { "body": "Eric Eldred recently engaged in a debate regarding copyright extension, making headlines on the business section's below-the-fold stories. The case will now be presented by Lawrence Lessig, a former clerk for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia and a renowned figure among digital liberties advocates. If the justices agree with his unconventional analysis, their decision could mark a significant shift in the balance between copyright holders, consumers, and tech companies. The debate between these forces is reminiscent of the past, as the internet age presents new challenges to both industries. Larry Lessig admits to feeling apprehensive, given the high stakes of Eldred v Ashcroft. This case may seem to deal with a technical issue - the extension of copyrights for books, films, and music - but it represents a showdown between two powerful industries at odds in the digital era. Historically, the film industry viewed television as the death of movies; however, video sales have since become the studios' biggest source of revenue. Today, Hollywood views the computer-internet combination as more threatening than Nightmare on Elm Street." }, { "body": "The Christie's auction last Friday featured original physics manuscripts, including works by Einstein, Curie, Newton, and other renowned physicists. The Einstein manuscript, which contained an early attempt to prove relativity, was purchased by an anonymous bidder." }, { "body": "This time around, we have an exceptional deal two guest bloggers for the price of one! Quinn Norton and Danny O'Brien have graciously agreed to occupy our sidebar slot for a while. Danny, Quinn, and their friend Rommie Gilbert are some of the most enjoyable Bay Area personalities I've had the pleasure of socializing with. Their repertoire covers topics such as Python, copyright, pottery, usability, among others. A conversation with Quinn about usability found its way almost verbatim into my second novel. Eastern Standard Tribe, load balancing, free software, nerd culture, British cuisine, bodily ailments, pregnancy they can discuss it all! I'm eagerly anticipating the content they will be posting." }, { "body": "A tragic incident has occurred outside a school in Maryland, where an unidentified sniper shot a boy in the chest, critically wounding him. Regrettably, this makes the boy the latest victim of a shooter who has already claimed six lives." }, { "body": "sweatyfrog is an online magazine and store specializing in collectible toys. The erudite toy otaku, toydesignguru, has recommended their occasional email newsletter as a must-read. Thank you, toydesignguru." }, { "body": "If you enjoy pushing boundaries and handling code that is not fully tested, I have exciting news for you! You can now access the MySQL source tree. The main difference from the stable trees is that it contains newer features and changes which are not yet ready for widespread use." }, { "body": "Tony Blair to convene a crisis meeting with Ulster Unionist leader, David Trimble, at Downing Street today." }, { "body": "Unfortunately, Arts and Letters Daily (ALD) has ceased operations due to its parent company's bankruptcy. The assets of ALD, including the daily blog, will be auctioned off by the receivers. Thank you, Misha." }, { "body": "Delphi has posted a new discussion on the software group." }, { "body": "Simon Hattenstone had a meeting with comedian Lee Evans." }, { "body": "At the OS X conference, Cory mentioned a book titled 'The Life and Death of Great American Cities' by Jane Jacobs. A comic strip in Metropolis magazine by Ben Katchor seems to echo what Cory shared about the book. According to him, cities decline when mixed-use areas are transformed into single-use ones." }, { "body": "Support among British voters for military action against Iraq has dropped to its lowest level ever recorded in The Guardian's survey." }, { "body": "Linda Grant, an acclaimed author, has never visited fashion collections until now. Having a lifelong passion for clothes, she is now expressing her thoughts about the Paris shows." }, { "body": "For the past week, I have been attempting to replicate an issue we've encountered with MySQL and Linux threads on one of our FreeBSD servers. Notably, this server runs a custom build of MySQL or MySQL as is. I am reaching out because I would like to resolve this problem." }, { "body": "The conservative leadership found itself embroiled in a whirlwind of self-criticism yesterday, as it endeavored to distance itself from the label of 'Britain's nasty party.' " }, { "body": "The newest addition to the global Red List not only enlists endangered species, but also spearheads a revival program for stick insects." }, { "body": "Forry Feorag emailed, you might not be familiar with John Otway, but he has a small yet devoted fan base. Recently, he released a limited edition CD and asked his fans to vote for their preferred track as a single. The chosen song has just entered the UK charts at number - this is sure to ruffle some feathers among the major record labels, especially considering the minimal marketing budget. I might tune in to Top of the Pops this week to see the outcome." }, { "body": "Apologies for my absence during last week's guest blog at Boing. I would like to clarify that it was not intentional and there was no deliberate avoidance on my part." }, { "body": "Following my discovery of an open wireless network from my sofa, I conducted an interview with law enforcement officials, academics, and wifi activists regarding the legality and ethics of utilizing open wireless access points. Subsequently, I used this network to download my emails and browse media news online. Upon confessing this to FBI Agent Bill Shore, he opted not to handcuff me as the FBI would not deem it worthwhile to expend resources on such a case. He acknowledged that if they did pursue action, it might be difficult to prove that I had broken the law. Furthermore, I personally did not feel as though my actions were illegal. This experience of wireless access feels more and more like a fundamental right, and it may eventually become second nature for us to breathe bandwidth as we do oxygen. At this point, arguing its illegality will be nearly impossible." }, { "body": "The groundbreaking work in medicine that enlightens us on the numerous small steps towards life's continuation earned the most prestigious award in global medicine for two British individuals and an American yesterday." }, { "body": "Recovery in the UK's manufacturing sector stalled in August, even with a significant increase in car production according to recent data." }, { "body": "According to the Microsoft Knowledge Base article, an issue has been reported with Barney's Fun on Imagination Island. The error occurs because Interactive Barney may interfere with a variety of radio-operated electronic devices such as burglar alarms, leading to the 'not' error. To resolve this problem, Microsoft suggests turning off your burglar alarm. Interestingly, this is one of the funniest articles I've encountered in the Microsoft Knowledge Base since the one titled 'Earth Rotates in Wrong Direction'." }, { "body": "The movable type software is operational on my end, functioning as expected. It incorporates numerous suggestions from the book 'Dive into HTML & CSS', which was also powered by movable type. I find this somewhat amusing in a self-referential manner. The major update is the integration of mtsearch, allowing users to perform their own site search. Existing mtsearch users are advised to combine the contents of mtsearchcfg into mtcfg. Change 'templatedir' to 'searchtemplatepath', and if you use alternate templates, change 'etc' to 'alttemplate'. The term should now be uniformly 'alttemplate'. To download movable type, please visit the appropriate site." }, { "body": "I experienced an unexpected incident at the security checkpoint. Unlike other passengers, my luggage was searched thoroughly. The security officer asked for permission and took out everything - clothing, umbrellas, a jacket, a box of crackers. After searching all items, she claimed my jacket was suspicious and sent it through again. Meanwhile, another security officer displayed a knife and asked if it could be carried on. Since it seemed to be permitted, I had my belongings returned. However, the search continued, and everything was taken out once more. It appeared this process would take some time, so I placed my tickets back in my bag. When I looked up again, the security woman was brandishing scissors, stating they couldn't go on board. I had no recollection of packing them, but my mother confirmed she hadn't either. Initially, I suspected a terrorist plot to plant scissors in innocent-looking people's suitcases. However, it turned out the scissors were mine - my mother had used them to cut loose threads from my tie the previous night, and they must have fallen into my luggage. The incident caused some delay, but I managed to connect to the wireless network at O'Hare Airport while waiting outside the Admirals Club. Despite having a mileage plus card, I couldn't access it, and I'm still uncertain if they will accept it. Mr. Valenti missed his flight due to similar airport announcements. During my stay, I had lunch with Lisa and visited the Spy Museum, which was interesting but could have been better. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to respond to your email as I've been quite busy." }, { "body": "The entire article could be rewritten to explain RSS, and if it were April Fool's Day, one could design a joke by creating a specification similar to RSS. For instance, this spec might include setting limits on data values only to remove them later, requiring certain elements but making them optional, thus causing unknown numbers of parsers worldwide to malfunction. It might also encourage the use of entity-encoded HTML in its most important element, increasing security risks and unpredictable display for the end user. Furthermore, it might ignore years of standards work in other fields, committing egregious sins such as defining a 'guid' element that wasn't a GUID and using an obsolete date format that couldn't easily be sorted by date. Its primary method of extensibility would be to add new elements to the core namespace without telling anyone or documenting them, making it resistant to DTD schema or validation of any kind. After years of worldwide deployment, it might completely reverse its 'addwhateveryouwant' extensibility rules in favor of namespaces which the spec would neither define nor elaborate on. After adopting namespaces, it would fail to deprecate any existing elements semantically identical to namespace elements already in wide use and would also fail to provide precedence rules in cases where a document attempted to say the same thing in two different ways, thus ensuring mass confusion among producers and inconsistent behavior across consumers. RSS is the whoopee cushion and joy buzzer of syndication formats for anyone who has tried to accomplish anything serious with metadata. Despite these deficiencies, RSS has flourished in a way that no other syndication format has not, despite many of these qualities. However, the very weaknesses that make RSS so infuriating to serious practitioners also make it possible in the first place." }, { "body": "Another Lego enthusiast has constructed a functional Lego harpsichord, receiving high marks for style. However, it sounds more like a cacophony rather than music." }, { "body": "Teresa has written a captivating blog post discussing an unexpected expense by Tyco's CEO, who spent a significant amount on a shower curtain, umbrella stand, coat hangers, bedsheets, and a wastebasket. In response, they emphasized that it is feasible and even beneficial to pay for these items, particularly a wastebasket. Joel Joves, a designer with offices in Rancho Santa Fe and Beverly Hills, added his thoughts, suggesting that if one has an exquisite study or master bedroom, a pewter-finished basket adorned with decorative pearl beadings or semiprecious stones might be necessary to complement the room's aesthetics. However, he implies this could be considered wasteful spending if one cannot find a sufficiently fabulous wastebasket, suggesting that one is not fully trying." }, { "body": "I frequently bring my ukulele on planes, as its compact case fits inside my suitcase. Unfortunately, I missed an excellent photo opportunity a few weeks ago at the airport when I spotted someone checking in a massive plastic Darth Vader-style shipping case, which housed a standup bass fiddle the buckles were as large as my ukulele! I should have snapped a picture of them side by side. Here's a link to a standup bass that looks similar to the Kona Walkingstick, but keep in mind you still need an amp to carry along." }, { "body": "The proposed move could result in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation losing its voting power on crucial board decisions." }, { "body": "Brown blocks proposals for establishing new secure facilities for rehabilitation of juvenile delinquents" }, { "body": "The UK Met has assigned Brian Paddick to a different role, preventing his return as commander of Lambeth." }, { "body": "Biskup is an artist who frequently collaborates with animation studios, his work draws inspiration from one of my favorite illustrators Jim Flora. Tims is selling a deck of poker cards, each featuring a unique illustration, and they are outstanding with their whimsical monsters, happy monkeys, and bizarre prehistoric plants. I've just pre-ordered my deck. Hurry, as only a limited number will be printed." }, { "body": "Lego enthusiasts have recreated three of M.C. Escher's optical illusion paintings, including 'Ascending and Descending', as depicted here, using Lego." }, { "body": "It's a reasonable assumption that Kurt Cobain likely disliked sports, and it's challenging not to share his view when considering the England football team." }, { "body": "The spread of an illness and the mailing of Sports Empire shares are being attributed to a recent death." }, { "body": "The PM proposes a significant arms deal to secure Stormont's safety." }, { "body": "The U.S. Military is considering arming Gulf troops with two palm-sized devices featuring speech recognition and automated translation. Have you tried text-to-speech recently? Similar to Babel Fish, is this technology ever going to reach the point where it can understand complex concepts like chemistry or identify vegetables?" }, { "body": "At Anish Kapoor's sculpture, one of the world's largest is at metres." }, { "body": "Ken Oral Fixation Starr is currently advocating for the First Amendment rights of South Carolinians in the Supreme Court regarding tattoo practices, thanks to Jeremy." }, { "body": "Routine screening of government employees is carried out with the aim to detect spies, however, a group of influential scientists has expressed that this testing proves ineffective." }, { "body": "Groundbreaking advancements in astrophysics have given us two fresh perspectives into the universe" }, { "body": "Tory supporters express approval for the former chairman's housing proposals." }, { "body": "The virus has virtually wiped out most of India's vultures, leading to ecological instability. This situation could potentially allow migratory birds to carry the virus to Europe and Africa." }, { "body": "The newly identified gene, which is not damaged in its standard form, is linked to several cases of breast and lung cancers. Potential treatments derived from this knowledge could benefit thousands." }, { "body": "Regarding Steve Bell's appearance at the Conservative Party Conference, here is an update." }, { "body": "The feedback from my email is regarding the setup process of a software, specifically FogBugz. The user suggests that instead of making the setup process reversible, it should collect all the information from the user and make all the changes in one batch at the end. However, the user points out several reasons why this approach might not be beneficial: 1. There's always a possibility that some step in the middle of the batch will fail, and in that case, a well-behaved setup program should back out the steps that were already done. The number of things that can fail is not insignificant. 2. It's not nice to tell people about an error in their input three pages after they made the mistake. For example, early in the FogBugz setup process, we prompt the user to create an account for FogBugz. The account creation could fail for various reasons, some of which cannot be predicted before trying to create the account. 3. It's better to tell the user about this problem right away so they can correct their input rather than having a message come up during the long install process later, forcing the user to back up and fix it. 4. Even if you force the user to back up and fix it, you still have to undo the first part of the work that was done before creating the account, otherwise, you've left their system in an indeterminate state. 5. The user also mentions that they need to write code to create the account and delete the account in case something later fails. They suggest that it might as well be called on this page of the wizard where a useful error message can be displayed. 6. The user questions why everything should be done at the end, suggesting that some things, like granting privileges or stopping/starting processes, need to be reversible. For instance, to upgrade FogBugz without requiring a reboot, we have to shut down a few processes that might have been keeping FogBugz files pinned down. 7. The user also mentions that they used MFC for their code, and even though Delphi might be more productive, they are more familiar with MFC and VC. 8. The user suggests that the setup process reduces tech support costs by delighting customers, making upgrades less daunting, and improving reviews." }, { "body": "The Berkeley Impact Theatre is presenting a one-man show titled 'Working for the Mouse'. This production shares a humorous account of a man's personal experiences working at Disneyland. The storyline itself is quite amusing too. Thanks, Barry!" }, { "body": "Japanese toilet technology has recently been plagued with a new phenomenon known as 'Creeping Featuritis'. In February, Matsushita engineers unveiled a toilet seat equipped with electrodes that send a mild electric charge through the user's buttocks, providing a digital measurement of body fat ratio. However, in April, engineers from rival company INAX countered with a toilet that glows in the dark and automatically raises its lid when an infrared sensor detects a human. This smart toilet also offers six different soundtracks to create a unique experience such as chirping birds, rushing water, wind chimes, or traditional Japanese harp music." }, { "body": "Simon Tisdall's statement implies that the arguments presented by George W. Bush for the war on Iraq stretch the bounds of credibility, suggesting that regime change is seen as essential in Washington." }, { "body": "The New Scientist is organizing a scavenger hunt with two options available. The first option is to sign up for cryonic freezing and receive a gift certificate, or the second option is to enjoy a luxury trip to Hawaii right away." }, { "body": "Good morning, I'm at a loss for words this morning, which is a rare and delightful occurrence. Instead, I will borrow from the play 'Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead', by Tom Stoppard - a treasure nestled between 'Tao Te Ching' and Roald Dahl's 'Charlie and the Chocolate Factory'. It's all about asking the right questions and revealing as little as possible - it's a game, and then we can receive such gratitude as befits a king's remembrance. I like the sound of that. As for what he meant by 'remembrance', I believe he was referring to the act of not forgetting one's friends or associates, not necessarily in the context of a monarch. As for what you are playing at with your words, they are all we have to go on. Regards," }, { "body": "Dora and I will be making our way down the aisle to the unique sounds of a triangle and tuba combination, which is simply amazing." }, { "body": "I've realized that I miscalculated my run today - it was only 2 miles instead of the 3 miles I thought, and what I thought was 3 miles was actually 1 mile. I've encountered an error which is quite upsetting as I seem to have lost some miles somewhere. If anyone finds them, please let me know. Thank you. Last week, I ran 5 miles, and even taking into account my mistake this week, I'm concerned that I might be turning into a runner. Growing up, my father used to mock runners, claiming you never saw a runner smiling. We would drive by runners, point at them, and say 'another runner, not this.' This comment weighed heavily on my psyche in my formative years, so it is with some embarrassment that I admit I am becoming a runner. Becoming a runner isn't complex; it essentially involves running. If you can run a mile, run a mile. If you can only manage around the block, do it today. Tomorrow, you'll find yourself running around two blocks. Next week, you'll find you can run a mile, and eventually, one day, you'll be a runner. It's not complicated; you just need to run, run, and run until one day you realize that shoes are important and your old sneakers aren't suitable for running. You'll buy new shoes, run, and run some more. Later, you'll learn about the importance of stretching, different running surfaces, and how many miles a pair of shoes should last, but don't worry about all that now - just run." }, { "body": "I received an email regarding the following topics: a red hat for KDE users, an Aaron trip titled 'Sean and the Semantic Web', Shelley's parable of the heather, Mira Portia de Rossi, Stockard Jeri, Nigella, and Angelina Jolie. However, I was unable to post the list of attendees that included Angelina Jolie, as she did not grant me permission." }, { "body": "Danny Goodman has released a new version of his dynamic HTML book, which has been a long-awaited update since its first edition. Despite the previous edition being severely outdated, it remains the best reference on HTML. The new edition is particularly valuable because it explains what modern web browsers actually do, something that is often overlooked in many references. This book is now up-to-date with all the latest browsers and the newest HTML specifications. If you are involved in any capacity with HTML work, this book is an absolute necessity." }, { "body": "The CIA has warned that Saddam Hussein may respond to a potential U.S. invasion with chemical or biological weapons." }, { "body": "According to Philip Willan, it is the Postfascist National Alliance of Italy that has been associated with two contentious attempts to honor the nation's military history." }, { "body": "Today, Iain Duncan Smith from the Conservative Party will urge the traditional wing of the party to cease criticizing his policy proposals." }, { "body": "For the past few weeks, my Tivo has been capturing The Twilight Zone, and I must say that I'm thoroughly enjoying it. There's something about it that reminds me of the classic episodes, and it's great to have this series back on television." }, { "body": "The reserve will safeguard the unspoiled ecosystems of a collection of subantarctic islands, often referred to as the most wild place on earth." }, { "body": "Recent developments regarding the case of the murdered British tourist, Peter Falconio." }, { "body": "Three researchers are recognized for their pioneering methods of identifying complex biological components, specifically proteins and DNA." }, { "body": "I will be in Ohio this weekend for a family gathering, which means I won't be able to attend Fleet Week. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to find a reliable official site for it; I had hoped to see the Blue Angels again. It seems that site is not well optimized for search engines." }, { "body": "Government employees are regularly screened with the intention to detect spies, however, a group of influential scientists contend that this testing is ineffective." }, { "body": "We celebrated a successful earnings report at work today. There was much joy and an excellent celebration afterwards. I'm not entirely sure how we pulled it off, but we are still making profits. It was an honor for me to be distinguished in this context." }, { "body": "Toumai, recognized as our earliest known ancestor, is making headlines in scientific circles of interactive news and commentary. Steve News and Blair are preparing to suspend disbelief." }, { "body": "Advisory to the Incoming Prime Minister as Pakistan conducts elections" }, { "body": "Individuals affected by certain conditions, who do not produce adequate quantities of key molecules that kill bacteria, offer new treatment possibilities for millions." }, { "body": "Regarding the question that led to the division of The Guardian into two entities - broadsheet and tabloid, here's a possible response:" }, { "body": "Indeed, it appears you are referring to the significant decision made by The Guardian in dividing its publication into two distinct formats: broadsheet and tabloid. This split was likely influenced by various factors such as target audience, market trends, or editorial strategy." }, { "body": "The curators are dismayed by the shortfall in funding provided by the Chancellor." }, { "body": "The UK Environment Agency intends to triple the emissions of a radioactive gas produced in reactors, a decision that has been criticized as spineless." }, { "body": "One of Britain's foremost poets is scheduled to visit us tomorrow, in observance of National Poetry Day. Please submit your questions ahead." }, { "body": "It is hypothesized that a man's subconscious desire to conceive may affect his hormone levels and thereby influence sperm production, increasing the chances of successful fertilization." }, { "body": "Powergen halted operation of a fourth of its total generating capacity yesterday." }, { "body": "A method proposed for scientists to investigate our ancestors' evolution over the past years has successfully passed its initial test." }, { "body": "Blair brokers Whitehall agreement on trusts obtaining private loans" }, { "body": "The new software you were provided with has been replaced by dummy code containing a Trojan horse on our download servers." }, { "body": "The government acknowledges that a significant number of individuals might need to continue working past their original plans." }, { "body": "Unsecured military communications could potentially be jammed, intercepted, or even result in satellites being knocked off course or destroyed, according to a recent U.S. study." }, { "body": "Lisa Pierce, a Maine resident who hit a moose with her car on November and lost the right to claim its meat, is now embroiled in a dispute with the York County Sheriff's Department over compensation. Pierce's freezer at home contains ground beef, roasts, frozen vegetables, French fries, and popsicles, but not the moose meat she is owed. According to Pierce, the deputy who arrived at the scene thought he was doing her a favor, but Pierce disagrees. The law states that a big game carcass caught by a vehicle during an accident belongs to the person who hits it, provided a law enforcement officer is called and the vehicle is damaged. This law may not be well-known to many Mainers, especially during this peak time of deer versus car accidents, as animals in their mating season come out of the woods. Last year, there were numerous cases of vehicles and deer colliding on Maine roads, and accidents involving moose. Farm-grown deer meat can retail for up to $10 per pound in stores, while a butchered or dressed moose, which cannot be bought or sold anywhere in Maine, can produce hundreds of pounds of food. This law has been abused since its inception, with officers occasionally issuing summonses to drivers for intentionally killing a moose with a car. Hitting a moose, even at slow speeds, is no laughing matter; large adult moose can weigh up to 1,600 pounds and stand over 6 feet tall. Their bulk, which is above the hood level of most cars, often causes their bodies to crash through windshields during collisions. These accidents damage vehicles, the people inside, and sometimes result in fatalities. Pierce feels cheated by the situation, as her car was totaled on the morning of the accident. She was taking her two children and a neighbor's son to school in her Dodge Dynasty when she hit the moose. Pierce is aware of the law, but due to being transferred to the hospital before she could deal with the animal, she was unable to claim it until later that day. When she inquired, she was told the deputy on the scene gave the fully-racked bull moose to a neighbor who showed up with a tractor. Pierce's neighbor subsequently offered her the moose for $50, but when she contacted the Attorney General's office on November 2nd to complain about the deputy giving her moose away, the neighbor's price had increased to $150 for the cost of butchering pounds of meat. When Pierce called York County Chief Deputy Maurice Ouellette to complain that she should be compensated for the moose because it was the officer's fault that she did not have it, Ouellette told her he could not give her cash and the best he could do was to give her the next moose struck in York County. At this point, the issue became one of not wanting the moose but wanting money. Ouellette said a similar conversation with York County Sheriff Phil Cote left Pierce enraged, and she now feels the issue has gone beyond the moose. Other officials are not surprised by the circumstances that brought Pierce to this point; it is ultimately the officer's discretion as to who gets the animal. Staff writer Giselle Goodman can be contacted at or unsubscribe from this group." }, { "body": "To place the interest in German-Indian fusion in perspective, it's worth mentioning that a significant number of German Klingons also exist. I find a correlation here, though you may disagree. Bill Williams Jacobson, a sporadically employed individual, shares this sentiment with me. I can only imagine if these computations had been performed by Charles Babbage, our steam-powered calculations would be more sophisticated. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "It is with regret that I inform you of the passing of Ray Wallace on November. Further details will be shared soon. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email. Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to our terms and conditions." }, { "body": "It seems that Rachel Carter's content features enormous land squids capable of walking, a sight not to be missed! If you wish to discontinue your subscription from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "Subject: Re: Your Recent Activity on DMCMann Jeffrey Yahoo Group Dear , I hope this message finds you well. I was referring to the recent video in DMCMann Jeffrey, where Jeffrey's character experiences a moment of realization when Maggie suggests him as her successor and flying pigs appear on screen. It seemed quite fitting for his situation, don't you think? I noticed that you might have missed some communications from this group. If you wish to unsubscribe or adjust your preferences, please click here: . Regarding your account usage on Yahoo Groups, it is subject to our terms and conditions. Best regards, " }, { "body": "The enclosed material originates from Martin Gardner's book, 'Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science: Revised and Expanded Edition', published by Dover Publications Inc., New York City. Bill Bennetta discusses common traits of pseudoscientists. Firstly, these individuals typically work in near complete isolation, lacking productive interactions with fellow researchers. The modern crank claims this self-imposed isolation is due to the prejudice of established scientific groups against new ideas. However, they generally do not submit their findings to recognized journals and are often rejected when they do. This isolation is strengthened by a tendency towards paranoia. Five ways in which the sincere pseudoscientist may exhibit these paranoid tendencies include: considering themselves a genius, regarding colleagues as ignorant blockheads, insulting opponents, believing themselves unjustly persecuted and discriminated against, and focusing attacks on the greatest scientists and best established theories. When Newton was the leading name in physics, eccentric works were violently anti-Newton. Today, with Einstein being the symbolic authority, a crank theory of physics is likely to attack Einstein in the name of Newton. They often write in a complex jargon, using terms and phrases they themselves have coined. Terry W Colvin from Sierra Vista, Arizona, USA, contributes to journals he himself may edit, and publishes books only when he or his followers can raise sufficient funds to have them printed privately. Members of the usmtf program in Thailand, Laos, Cambodia, Brotherhood tlcb mailing list, Vietnam veterans, allies ciansa, and steenkeen contractors are welcome to unsubscribe from this group. Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to the terms and conditions." }, { "body": "I came across an interesting article about another search engine, whose name I can't recall, that was taking snapshots of its users' minds and aggregating them many years ago. This search engine called 'Planet Search' displays a screen called 'Live Query', which shows updated samples of what people around the world are typing into their search engines in various languages such as English, Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Japanese, Korean, French, Dutch, Italian, etc. The scrolling terms represent thoughts from someone somewhere with an internet connection. Google collects these queries every day from over 100 countries and updates its databases millisecond by millisecond. It's intriguing to note that despite the geographic and ethnic diversity of the world, people are spending a significant amount of time thinking about similar things or topics such as celebrities, current events, products, and computer downloads. Interestingly, Google can feel the reverberations of events immediately, whether they be of a serious nature like earthquakes or more trivial like the name of Carol Brady from The Brady Bunch. The data reflects patterns but doesn't always explain them, creating a paradox. The most intriguing part is understanding why these surges in interest occur. This is a challenge because you can't interpret it unless you know what else is going on in the world." }, { "body": "Hello, I was checking to see if anyone is encountering issues with sending emails using Eircom mail server through Mozilla Mail. The error message 'Sorry, that domain isn't in my list of allows. Please check the message recipients and try again.' keeps appearing. I am using Eircom as both SMTP and POP servers for receiving mail, but I can't seem to send any emails. Are there any alternative open relays available that I could use? Additionally, while browsing the web, I found a seminar on security and reliability. It would be great if ILUG (Irish Linux Users Group) might consider attending this seminar and hosting one of their own on the same day, right across the hall from this event. For unsubscription information, please visit the ILUG website. Best regards," }, { "body": "It has come to my attention that I am officially a failure, given my contemporaries' successes. Two moderately famous schoolmates of mine are now freelance tech journalists: Gordon Laing, who was once editor of the Personal Computer World personal page, and Lawrence Grayson, frequently featured in ZDNet publications. Lawrence has a unique ability to express mournfully better than anyone I know. I take comfort in knowing that Gordon is now bald, and I once stole Lawrence's girlfriend, almost forgetting Ramon Tikaram Tanita's brother who went from Cutthroat Island to the series This Life and has since reached the heights of Crossroads. Ramon is a decent musician, although we were in the same year at university, so he might not count. My uncle attended Oxford with Alan Bennett and others, whose names I cannot recall. My wife reminds me that someone she went to school with became one of the Teletubbies. As for Rev. Joe, he may know a movie special effects wizard named Bellamy, possibly Pete, but definitely not David Rob. There was also the time I nearly ran over Harold Wilson under a train. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "I appreciated the event, and later there was a discussion on ITV about genius versus madness that included my friend's boss along with David Icke and Evelyn Glennie. However, I would like to unsubscribe from this group." }, { "body": "Additionally, I want to point out that the use of Yahoo Groups is subject to certain terms." }, { "body": "The U.S. military command responsible for the defense of North American airspace scrambled fighter jets in response to unverified reports of a mysterious condensation trail, or contrail, moving from the Caribbean towards the United States. Lt Col Michael Humm, Pentagon spokesman, confirmed that the incident occurred on Wednesday and that the North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) in Colorado Springs, CO is continuing to investigate the reported contrail. The concern lies in the possibility that it could have indicated the presence of an unauthorized jet aircraft in or approaching U.S. airspace, especially in the aftermath of the Sept 11 attacks. A contrail is created by vapor from a jet engine in the presence of cold air. Lt Cmdr Curtis Jenkins, a NORAD spokesman, mentioned that no new information has been developed since the initial report at PM EST on Wednesday. NORAD is reviewing data from its tracking radars for evidence. The Pentagon statement said that NORAD received unverified reports of what appeared to be a contrail of unknown origin initially in the vicinity of the Turks and Caicos Islands in the Caribbean, which was later reported over Florida and Indiana. However, no further sightings were reported, and the contrail was never verified by visual or radar contact. Paul Turk, a Federal Aviation Administration spokesman, said he is aware of the reports but referred all questions to NORAD. It's unclear who reported the initial sighting over the Caribbean or who requested NORAD to launch fighter jets from which military bases they were scrambled. Jenkins added that they don't necessarily judge or second-guess when a request comes to them to investigate a contrail. Meanwhile, reports of a ball of fire streaking across the sky early Thursday had people throughout the northwest calling radio and television stations, which was believed to be a meteor shower caused by a Russian rocket body reentering Earth's atmosphere around AM. The U.S. Strategic Command in Omaha, NE and NORAD confirmed a Russian rocket fell back to Earth but gave no further details. Copyright 2022 The Associated Press. The information contained in this AP Online News Report may not be published, broadcast or redistributed without the prior written authority of The Associated Press." }, { "body": "Dear Dave Palmer and Terry W Colvin, I regret to inform you that I have stumbled upon two references to the Japanese genre of tentacle porn in as many weeks. This is a subject I've previously been blissfully unaware of, but it seems it may cause discomfort for a significant portion of our list's readership. In light of this, could we perhaps provide a brief definition or explanation for those who might be unfamiliar with the term? After all, some of us lead rather sheltered lives. I trust your life is just as enriching as ever. Best regards, Leonard R Cleavelin" }, { "body": "I believe I have a grasp of your sentiment. A few years ago, I had a chance to reconnect with a couple of old colleagues who have now established themselves as authors and are prominent figures in their respective fields. One of them, though briefly famous, is no longer considered a minor celebrity due to the transient nature of fame, and her current status is unknown. However, she continues to earn substantial sums on the lecture circuit. I have authored some technical material over the years, much of which may have been forgotten by now. I consider myself notable in very specific areas, but it's worth noting that there aren't many mandobass artists, so that sets me apart. However, my feelings are somewhat complex. I find myself feeling a little envious or melancholic when I reflect on our accomplishments or lack thereof. What bothers me most is that they likely possess some fascinating stories that I'm not privy to. That's one reason I appreciate being part of this list with Steve. Regarding your email, I would like to unsubscribe from the Yahoo Group. My continued use of Yahoo Groups is subject to their terms and conditions." }, { "body": "I have come across an individual who recently separated from the author of the Harry Potter series, though he appears to be doing well. He was offered a role as a violent gangster in a film, which he declined. The role would've taken him to Prague in February, but he turned it down due to a scene involving an elderly woman losing control. It seems that some explicit content featuring me is included in the movie, and they are considering removing it. They still want me to portray a menacing character, which is appealing." }, { "body": "Dear Community, It is with great sadness that we announce the passing of Raymond L. Wallace, a figure deeply involved in the Bigfoot community for many years. Mr. Wallace died in Toledo, Washington, on November, having been ill for some time. He was a resident at a Toledo rest home. It was during his company's construction work in Bluff Creek, California, from August to October, that one of his employees, Jerry Crew, found tracks of a large human-like foot. These discoveries, under the instructions of taxidermist Bob Titmus, led to the first plaster casts of a footprint from this hairy upright creature, later known as Bigfoot. The photograph of Jerry Crew with the giant plaster of paris foot imprint gained widespread attention, marking a revolutionary shift from regional stories of Sasquatch to today's global awareness of Bigfoot. Following the publicized Crew finds, Wallace and his brother claimed other Bigfoot activity around their construction site. Wallace said he found tracks and droppings of Bigfoot. Throughout his life, Mr. Wallace was involved with local tales of hairy giants. He was often associated with pranks, carved fake Bigfoot feet, dubious photographs, and films. However, many Bigfoot hunters and researchers saw him as merely a spinner of fanciful tall tales. Despite this, Mr. Wallace contributed to the mystery of Bigfoot through his stories in publications like Strange Magazine and indirectly to Fate Magazine. He relished keeping his name in the limelight of the Bigfoot mystery. In March, Mr. Wallace offered a million dollars to the first person who could bring him a live baby Bigfoot, claiming he had tracked Bigfoot for forty years. He expressed his desire to raise a young Sasquatch to adulthood, planning to care for and respect it, and even train it to ride around with him in his pickup truck and help out with chores on his ranch. Unfortunately, no one came forth with a baby Bigfoot. Ray Wallace added an intriguing, mostly harmless storytelling element to the otherwise often serious pursuit of Bigfoot. His friends, such as Ray Crowe, director of the International Bigfoot Society, enjoyed Mr. Wallace's tales. Ray Wallace was laid to rest at the Lone Hill Cemetery in Toledo, Washington, on November. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email. Sincerely, The Group Administrator" }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, Regarding the HP Mustang Cobra GG, Joseph S Barrera expresses his satisfaction and shares a smile as it emerged from the passenger side on Sunday. On the other end of the spectrum, he has recently acquired a Honda Del Sol for his daily commute from San Bruno to San Jose. He is inquiring if it will fit within the cargo area of your vehicle." }, { "body": "The Perl Advent Calendar newsletter has been posted by Pudge on Sunday, announcing this year's edition. The calendar features a different Perl module each day of December, and an additional module on Christmas Day. This year's improvements include daily mini-tutorials attached and much better HTML discussion. December seems to come round quickly! If you wish to stop receiving these messages or adjust your preferences, please visit your user page and log in to make the necessary changes." }, { "body": "It's officially confirmed - I feel like a failure. Listening to my high school classmate being interviewed on NPR about her new film that she wrote and directed, based on her successful book, has only reinforced this feeling. I don't have a film out nor a successful book. Unlike Becky, who seems to be in Hollywood, I spent nine months this year on the dole. I think I'll drown my sorrows in Vanilla Coke now. If Arthur Miller had been my father, or if this were some other movie, perhaps I would be successful too." }, { "body": "It's official, Jay Lake. I feel like a failure after listening to one of my high school classmates being interviewed on NPR about her new film and book. I don't have a film or a successful book out, and I've spent nine months this year on the dole while Becky was off in Hollywood. Some of us may find this hard to understand, but it's clear that you're successful as a writer and artist. Your evolution during social interactions with your wife's associates, whom I refer to as 'Jethro-like,' might be confusing. Once forced to mingle with a husband who boasted about his connections to the famous, I found myself becoming more and more detached, using phrases like 'heehaw yall' and 'you done talked to him.' My counterpart never seemed to notice my regression, even as hair sprouted from my knuckles, my forehead contracted, my eyebrows merged, and I started grunting. Fortunately, my wife intervened before I did an impersonation of Moonwatcher with the chicken bones left from dinner. Regression can be a wonderful curative. Truth to the rumor, I scratched my armpit. Unsubscribe me from this group." }, { "body": "It appears that the Nova Nova bass and treble settings do not seem to impact the sound. I suggest checking for a tone toggle and toggling it on the RPMList mailing list." }, { "body": "Perhaps, if Arthur Miller had been my father, you too could have achieved success in writing and arts. However, reminiscing about stage managing 'The Crucible' during senior year, where Becky Miller's father watched his little girl in the play and our male lead fell off the stage, seems to be more about your particular experiences rather than a direct comparison to my achievements. It is understandable that those who envy your success might find this a bit challenging. Nevertheless, I prefer not to diminish my own accomplishments. This year alone, I have had fourteen stories published and fifteen more are scheduled for next year, with a strong critical reception and my first collection due out in the spring. I am indeed blessed. Despite not having a film deal that pays per hour more than what I will make in a lifetime of short fiction, I count my blessings. By the way, I do believe Becky Miller drives a nicer car than me. Let's get back to work on the 'Megafelid Cranial Capacity' story. New stories like 'Story Words Daily', 'Microfiction coming soon at Teeth Party', 'The Mad Hater and the Dorkmouse', 'Spirits Blocking the Night Tale', 'Bones Dec', 'Jack's House: Strange Horizons (Jan)', 'One is All Alone: Strange Horizons (Jan)', 'You Want Candy: As of Yet Untitled (Feb)', and 'Walking Backward through the Countries of Life: Hour of Pain (Feb)' are on their way. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email. Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to their terms." }, { "body": "On Sunday, George Schuman enthusiastically expressed his satisfaction with the HP Mustang Cobra GG that recently emerged from the passenger side of a vehicle, flashing the largest smile. However, he also commented that they aren't the most aesthetically pleasing vehicles Ford has ever produced, given their history of producing ugly cars. Interestingly, the former owner of a recent model Mustang was allowed to share his thoughts on the matter. He mentioned that you could opt for an RSX Type S instead, as he hasn't driven one yet, but if it's anything like a late model Integra, it will outperform the Mustang in any aspect requiring steering wheel movement from the center position. On the other hand, Joseph S Barrera III shared that he recently purchased a Mercedes-Benz for his new commute to San Jose from San Bruno. He also inquired if the Honda Del Sol he bought would fit in the cargo area of a vehicle." }, { "body": "I've come across a disturbing reference to Japanese tentacle porn, a genre I was previously unaware of. If this might offend or upset a significant portion of our group members, could we provide some explanation and description? Some of us may live sheltered lives but isn't life more enriched when we learn new things, even if they're surprising? Here's an example from art history: Hokusai's 'The Dream of the Fisherman's Wife'. I had to wade through many images and views of Mt. Fuji to find that for you, discerning connoisseurs. Rachel, your mention of 'the banana' in relation to assassination brings up an interesting point about the safety of this weapon - bystanders are unlikely to intervene when one person chases another down the street brandishing a banana. Indeed, they may not believe that they saw it. Steve Jackson, if you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "One of the primary aspects of modernization is transitioning all fire stations to a retained basis during nights, which essentially means that the fire station will be unstaffed and firefighters will be summoned via pagers, similar to many rural regions. This change is due to fewer fires occurring at night; however, the majority of fatalities in fires occur during this period. The recent deaths during the firefighters' strike underscored this trend, with over half of these incidents happening in areas currently covered by retained crews who were not on strike. It is worth noting that a current requirement for being in a retained crew is living and working within one mile of the station, and it remains unclear how this will be applied to whole-time firefighters. A friend of mine, a station officer in Hampshire, lives miles away from his station, which raises questions about their ability to respond to night calls, especially considering that many inner London stations may not have firefighters living within a mile. I can't fathom how this situation will unfold." }, { "body": "A man has been arrested by the police for secretly photographing a schoolgirl's skirt as she rode an escalator in Kashiwa, Chiba. The suspect, Toyokazu Hamano, is a company employee from Noda, Chiba Prefecture. He was apprehended for violating a Chiba Prefectural Government law that prohibits creating public nuisance. Hamano admitted to the allegations, stating that he was riding behind the girl on an escalator at JR Kashiwa Station when he used his mobile phone equipped with a camera to take the photo from underneath her skirt. The girl noticed the noise emitted by the camera's shutter and turned around to find Hamano with his hands between her legs." }, { "body": "It's official, I feel like a failure. Coincidentally, my college colleague is Yvette Cooper MP for Pontefract and Castleford, and Parliamentary Secretary at the Lord Chancellor's Department - an unusual constituency for someone born and bred in rural Hampshire. Interestingly, a fellow pupil at school was Julie Fernandez who was in the soap opera 'Eldorado' and played Brenda in the recent series of 'The Office'. Currently, I am a government wage slave in Manchester. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email with your Yahoo Group subscription subject." }, { "body": "Dear A and W, I've been pondering a riddle... An animal beginning with 'L', say, the Lynx, repeats as I scroll down, Lynx, Lynx, Lynx, Lynx, Lynx. A name, be it male or female, starting with the last letter in the animal's name... Xena, almost there! Now, if you count the letters in that name on your non-scrolling hand, X, E, N, A, add them up, and hold out that counted hand at eye level. Interestingly, the lines in your palm are reminiscent of the first letter in the person's name... Wow! They do form X's all over the place! Incredible! However, I see more than just a few X's here, countless X's, I am staring at them right now. Smack yourself and get a life, stop playing these absurd email games. Are you insinuating that I am less than intelligent or devoid of life? If so, you are mistaken. I have no intention of unleashing a horde of web bots on you for this accusation. Our confrontation will continue in this domain or the next. For now, let us leave the BAE Systems spy out of this. Sincerely, Robin" }, { "body": "Dear Group Members, It appears that you may have recognized Damian Lewis as Lieutenant Captain Major Winters from Band of Brothers. This is quite ironic since he was one of the actors I was certain was actually American. Now, if someone told me they were all British actors, I wouldn't be surprised! Incidentally, Stewi watched it last night and couldn't help but wonder if one of the GIs could have been Dexter Fletcher, from The Crystal Maze. This leads us to ponder - could it actually have been him, timh? A curious side note: it was timh who once kissed Shauna Lowery, if you happen to remember her. To unsubscribe from this group, kindly send an email. Please note that your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to our group's policies." }, { "body": "I watched the program last night and I couldn't help but wonder if one of the actors was Dexter Fletcher, known for his roles in 'The Crystal Maze' and 'Press Gang'. If you recall, he once shared a kiss with Shauna Lowery. By any chance, have you heard about her? If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "I was watching 'In David McQuirk' last night, and it got me thinking if one of the GIs might be Dexter Fletcher from 'The Crystal Maze'. Yes, that's him from 'Press Gang', who once kissed Shauna Lowery. I assume you know her? Just to clarify, the Shauna I am referring to is around four feet tall and presents a show about animals, possibly 'Animal Hospital' or something similar." }, { "body": "It's plausible that the Shauna I am referring to may be different from another individual with the same name. The one I am discussing appears to be around a foot tall and is associated with an animal hospital or similar establishment, as mentioned by Tim Hoh. Given my height of less than a foot, it would logically be her who would need to kneel down in order to unsubscribe from this group. I kindly request that you send an email stating that the use of Yahoo Groups is subject to your terms and conditions." }, { "body": "I hope this message finds you well. I'm enquiring if anyone is encountering issues with their email server (EirCom Mail Server) while attempting to send emails via Mozilla Mail. It seems the error message displayed is: 'Domain isn't in my list of allowed domains, please check the recipient and try again.' I am using EirCom as both my SMTP and POP server for receiving mail, but am unable to send. Is there any alternative open relay that I could use instead? I suspect the problem lies with EirCom's end as I occasionally experience issues sending to a specific server, which the admin of that server mentioned is a known bug requiring a patch. You might want to inform EirCom's admin team about this issue and request them to apply the necessary patch if they haven't already done so. Apologies for any inconvenience this may have caused and for my lack of details regarding this matter as I can't seem to recall the specifics. For those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, find the unsubscription information for Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "It appears there may be some confusion regarding Shauna, as I was thinking of a different Shauna who is shorter in stature and is associated with DIY SOS or something related to an animal hospital. Unfortunately, I have mixed up Lowry and Lowry Turner from DIY SOS. Therefore, I would like to unsubscribe from this group." }, { "body": "Upon landing safely in Raleigh, our flight attendant serenaded us with a rendition of 'Barney's I love you, you love me,' substituting 'us' and 'me.' We were significantly quicker than the bus. We hope you have enjoyed our hospitality. Marry one of us, and you will fly free." }, { "body": "It's regrettable that this group is a controversial sect, which makes it less appealing. If it were more mainstream, I would find it more intriguing. It might be useful to educate the quick-to-judge Christians about its status during open discussions every Saturday. To disengage from this group, please adhere to the calendar for unsubscription and send an email accordingly." }, { "body": "One more round of congratulations from me, Tim! I've noticed that you use RO instead of Rose as a shortform for Rosemary. Is this a Welsh thing? I often wish these calculations were executed by Charles Babbage. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email. Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to terms and conditions." }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, This week's roundup includes a recap of various news stories, curated by Steven McCaffery. The Powersthatbe reminds us that crime does not pay, as evidenced by a cautionary tale in the Ulster Herald. A story originating in the Middle East details an unarmed woman who attempted to rob a bank in Tehran, believing herself to be invisible after paying a local sorcerer. In another report from the Lurgan Mail, there is news of a well-planned and professional robbery where thieves drilled through three walls to steal cigarettes. The owner of the affected shop is pictured next to the gaping hole left in his store. In the Down Democrat, a columnist calls for action against the vandals plaguing the local community, expressing shock at reports of their wanton destruction. John Coulter proposes controlled violence as an alternative to reckless vigilante rule and kangaroo courts. He also argues that public flogging of convicted criminals is still a common practice in many Islamic countries, and suggests this may become a possibility in the UK or Ireland given the rapid growth of Islam. Best, Joe McNally :: Flaneur at Large" }, { "body": "I'm checking if it's acceptable to rephrase your email as follows: If an email address is not on my whitelist, the sender is asked to confirm that the message is not an unsolicited attempt to sell or advertise a product, scam, or any other suspicious activity. If you do reply and the person has free time, they will find out who and where you are and send an unfavorable review of your email along with an invoice for for their services. They may also attempt to retaliate in unpleasant ways. So, please do not reply if this describes you. All such interactions are logged for the past two to three months; two spammers have replied so far. I'm curious, are there debt collection agencies you can hire to collect these debts? If not, can I declare them as bad debts and receive tax relief? One way to attract government attention to spam is by involving Kevin Dante, someone I dislike, in a collaboration with Randal. However, I enjoy social gatherings with meatspace (real-world) friends. For unsubscription information, please visit the Irish Linux Users Group's social page." }, { "body": "While it is technically possible to use SpamAssassin as a blocking criterion, it's not advisable due to its potential for mismarking emails. Using it as an auto-delete function is at best extremely unwise. However, here's what the Procmail rule will look like, based on a previous post to this list by Steve: procmailrc yes dev null do not do this, you'll discard a lot of legitimate messages over time instead, follow the documentation and put them into a separate mailbox (e.g., spam@pm) Erik Jakobsen suggested an alternative method to block emails coming to me by using SpamAssassin with 'sa'. However, it's important to note that this is a sponsored email related to Suse Linux and the Palm Tungsten T handheld device. If you wish to block emails using SpamAssassin, be aware of its potential for misidentifying legitimate messages." }, { "body": "Two demonstrators, who were traveling on a school bus to Saturday's antiwar march in San Francisco, suffered critical injuries when their heads protruding through the roof struck the top of the Broadway tunnel. Regrettably, both individuals subsequently passed away. I was attempting to be both vulgar and ironic in my statement, but in this city as compact as San Francisco, there may indeed be only one spot where they should have kept their heads inside. They were warned not to, they didn't comply, and unfortunately, they experienced the consequences that followed. I may find myself laughing inappropriately now, but until it happens to someone I personally know, I'll try to refrain. This is reminiscent of the Darwin Awards - a dark sense of humor at its best. Stay connected with Yahoo! Mail Plus for an affordable and powerful experience. To unsubscribe from this group, simply send an email." }, { "body": "Mr. Tim Chapman, freelance gentleman of letters from Halifax, Yorkshire, has announced his engagement to Dr. Ro Gault, a virtual reality expert at Cardiff University in Wales. The details of the wedding are yet to be finalized. No flowers are required for this occasion. Tim exclaimed 'timc bloody hell she said yes', and JU extended her congratulations with the advice of Ogden: 'when you're wrong admit it, and when you're right shut up'. Best wishes for a lifetime of happiness, Ju." }, { "body": "Dear all, Mr Tim Chapman, a freelance gentleman of letters from Halifax, Yorkshire, is delighted to announce his engagement to Dr Ro Gault, a virtual reality expert at Cardiff University, Wales. The wedding details will be arranged at a later date. No flowers please, Tim said yes! yay, jayneto! Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to our terms and conditions." }, { "body": "Hello Graham Smith, Regarding your question about Strata NTP servers in Ireland, yes, there are other publicly accessible NTP servers available. However, I don't have specific details at hand. You may want to check the official Irish Internet Service Provider Association (IISPA) or the Internet Research Task Force (IRTF) websites for a comprehensive list of NTP servers in Ireland. If you are an Irish Linux user looking to unsubscribe from a particular mailing list, you can typically find unsubscription instructions within the email itself. Most lists provide an 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of each email. Kind regards, " }, { "body": "George found himself in a peculiar situation when trying to remove a nut at the base of the toilet. In his attempts, he accidentally cracked the bowl in half using a wrench. To prevent any water spillage and potential flood, he held the broken pieces together with his knees until his wife returned from work. Despite the bowl not holding much water, he decided to wait for her rather than letting it spill and cleaning it up himself. Even though the tank only holds a gallon (or three if old), he thought it would be more convenient for his wife to handle the cleanup. Msn helps eliminate email viruses; sign up for free months." }, { "body": "Paul Moore, it seems that we should proceed step by step rather than diving headfirst into using ZODB. In any case, we might end up adopting it eventually. I appreciate the prospect of distributing binaries for Windows and Mac, but it comes with an additional installation burden. The reason for this is not just technical, as I understand it; versions of the core BSDDB code ship under the Sleepycat license, which requires that projects using it must be published source. This could be problematic if we want Spambayes to be fully PSF-licensed. If someone were to take Spambayes' source and fund their 'addictions' by creating a commercial closed-source spam filter product, the PSF license allows for this but not if the code relies on BSDDB. I'm not in favor of people making money from Spambayes unless it's me, but the PSF license does allow for it. It seems to me that either all or nothing should apply, or perhaps I have misunderstood this situation. This concern has been with me since Plabs announced their integration of BSDDB into Python; it will make it very easy, especially on Windows, for someone to write code using anydbm and ship it under a commercial license without realizing they are breaking the Sleepycat license. They may never have heard of Sleepycat Software or even BSDDB; to them, the bsdbsmbd.pyd file that tells them they need to ship is just another part of Python like socketpyd or selectpyd. This matter has been on my mind since the Spambayes mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Philip Trickett, I hope this message finds you well. The question regards the additional overhead two emails in about two months have added to your daily email reading. I'd like to know if there is a way to prevent these emails from being forwarded to a nonexistent address within a domain that you are currently actively using. At the moment, I am dealing with bounces and counting them. If I were on ADSL, I would be throwing a fit. I whitelist only the minimum required addresses, but I must mention that I don't appreciate people forking on Randal. However, I do enjoy gatherings - I guess you could say meatspace is my home. Isn't it ironic? Regarding the Clerks Irish Linux Users Group, if you need information about unsubscribing, please let me know." }, { "body": "It is unclear how one can expect improved and more secure coding practices from the community when discussing a security list, as this recent post demonstrates a lack of knowledge regarding the C programming language. Specifically, the use of sizeof with pointers, which returns the size of types, and not the number of elements in an array. The correct usage is `sizeof var`, not `sizeofvar`. However, if you are intentionally changing the type of a variable using a cast, then you will get the size of that new type. I hope this clarifies any confusion." }, { "body": "You need to understand how declarations work in C. You have specified testbuff as an array of pointers to characters, meaning you have allocated an array big enough to store pointers on most machines (bytes per pointer, which indeed would give you 'john on fri nov' as output). The issue seems to be with the return value of sizes by sizeof using pointers. Include the following in your code: int main void char int len size_t sizeOfTestBuff { cout << len return the output from this is, but it should be returning a different value. It appears that using a pointer has multiplied the value of the original size of the testbuff buffer by the size of the pointer (char pointers have a size of bytes as shown when output is 'bytes'). The confusion arises because when sizeof outputs the value for something like char testbuff, the macro seems to be multiplying the sizes of entities passed to it by considering the first entity as the pointer denoted by the asterisk itself and then taking this value of the pointer and multiplying it with the size of the buffer testbuff. This produces an output of 'rather strange behaviour'. The original message was on Tuesday November, stating that the developer libraries or M software has a problem because strlen does not work because the author was trying to get at the allocated size of a buffer, not the actual size of the buffer. You're right, I was looking at the safeStrncpy code and it looks like the author did use strlen. sizeof will return the size of the data type passed to it, so if you declared mystr as char, it will return the value that the original author wanted. However, this will not work if your strings are dynamically allocated or passed to you as a pointer. These macros will not function in such cases." }, { "body": "Dear Richie, I believe that according to the Sleepycat license, versions of the core bsddb code you ship are subject to it. This means that any projects using this code must be open source. Therefore, it is not advisable to use bsddb in a closed-source product. Instead, consider using dbm, dumdbm, pickles, or rolling your own solution for the project. Regarding the SpamBayes code, skipping the mailing list, I don't think the absence of bsddb would be the only barrier to creating a closed-source product based on it." }, { "body": "Paul, I believe the optimal solution would be to configure the dbm implementation within BayesCustomizeINI. The default should be anydbm. Since the database open function is currently only specified as a module, it might be beneficial for you to explicitly define this. There are three options for opening DB files with bsddb (btopen, hashopen, rnopen), which will require some additional finesse when it comes to optionPy but should not involve an excessive amount of trickery. Also, please note that the spamBayes mailing list may need to be excluded." }, { "body": "Subject: University Education and Social Change - Report Insights The growth of university education in Britain has led to a significant shift in societal tolerance, particularly towards homosexuality. According to the British Social Attitudes Survey, half of people now believe that homosexuality is always or mostly wrong, down from three quarters years ago. This trend is also reflected in attitudes towards ethnic minorities, with a greater percentage of people saying they are not at all racially prejudiced compared to previous years. Professor Geoffrey Evans, a politics professor at Oxford University, has focused on what has caused Britain to become more open-minded. In a report published today, the study from the National Centre for Social Research suggests that young people are much more tolerant than their elders. The key factor in transforming bigotry appears to be higher education. Graduates are twice as accepting of homosexuals as those with no GCSEs and one-third less racist. This transformation occurs regardless of the student's social class, and with 50% of young people now attending university, it is a powerful social effect. Professor Evans states that 'Mr Blair's famous mantra Education seems far less consequential now than when first announced.' He adds that while higher education can provide a bulwark against the undermining of liberal democracy through intolerance, it may also be simply because university students have increased contact with alternative points of view. The study also found that the educated are more tolerant towards civil rights for unattractive white supremacists. People scored higher the longer they had spent at school and university, with nearly two-thirds of graduates saying that white supremacists should have the right to give television interviews or stand in elections. Professor Evans also looked at whether the young may grow out of their idealism but found the opposite to be true. Thirtysomethings were more than twice as likely to say there was nothing wrong with homosexuality as they were when they were in their early twenties. Other findings include: - More than half the country wants cannabis to be legalised compared with a third seven years ago. - Two times as many Labour voters as conservatives have tried cannabis. - Living in London and having a degree also increase the chances of trying cannabis. - Contrary to other trends, hard drug opinions have grown stronger over the past seven years, with more people believing that heroin dealers should always be prosecuted. Alison Park, co-director of the study, said, 'People are making quite a clear distinction between what they think of as right and wrong on other matters.' The survey indicates that almost half those questioned think that most of the social security budget goes on unemployment benefits in fact they account for %. Union membership has fallen by a fifth in the past years with just under a third of workers in a union, and half those questioned oppose secondary school selection." }, { "body": "I was taken aback by Jacko's unusual action of dangling a child from the balcony. Normally, he just throws them off with 'boom boom'. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to appropriate behavior, and I would like to remind you that actions such as the one Jacko performed may not be suitable for this platform." }, { "body": "Recently, I came across a novel dealing with similar circumstances, but I can't recall its title. It might have been something like 'State Original Message'. If you recall, it was Andrew Dennis who forwarded this discussion in December. The popularity of such a scenario is currently higher than ever in Britain, as demonstrated by 'UncleSlacky' and 'Andy'. Given this context, the idea could certainly prove beneficial, particularly in terms of trade. We would face all the disadvantages of a client state alongside those of being a foreign country, but not necessarily a bad idea if we manage to avoid repeating Texas' mistakes. If we are able to secure two senators for each of Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales, and England, and an appropriate share of Congress-related matters, we would command the largest voting block in the U.S. legislature and presidency. This could potentially put us in a position where a sudden shift to the left by the U.S. political establishment could make us the dominant force, or 'Byzantium' as some might say. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, simply send an email indicating your intention." }, { "body": "I find it quite puzzling that I've been receiving numerous advertisements for mini remote control cars via email and there is a sizable kiosk selling them at Paddington Station. As Joe McNally, Flaneur at Large, I am expressing my curiosity. By the way, the item that is orange and popular among hippies is a pumpkin, not a car! If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, please send an email accordingly. Note that your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to their terms and conditions." }, { "body": "I am pleased to share with you a small find made by my daughter Kim. This email is certified as virus-free, checked by AVG antivirus system. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email. Your use of Yahoo Groups is subject to the respective terms and conditions." }, { "body": "Sean O'Donnell did not address your query, but there is a straightforward explanation for my extensive work with MySQL: it runs on both Windows and Linux. Many clients only have Windows servers, which makes it necessary to use MySQL. As of now, running PostgreSQL on Windows requires significant hassle with Cygwin. I believe if PostgreSQL had a more straightforward standalone Windows build, there would be a notable shift in users towards it. This is a suggestion from P draig, an Irish Linux user, for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Dear Joe McNally, It seems there's a frenzy over mini remote control cars, with an influx of spam ads and stalls selling them at Paddington Station. I was thinking, could you possibly bring a pair of wire cutters next time you pass by? They might come in handy for cutting off their network connection. It appears the ETs have taken notice of the mini adverts and are retaliating, flooding our inboxes with spambots and small remote cars - these are the probes some saucerheads talk about. These are the 'probes' supposedly fired into the atmosphere from the motherships. This could make for an interesting topic for a future 'Whacky Blather' issue. If you wish to unsubscribe from this group, simply send an email. Best, Flaneur at Large" }, { "body": "On Wednesday, IKEA stores across the Netherlands are being searched due to a bomb threat. Bombs were found in two IKEA outlets on Tuesday evening, one each in Amsterdam and Sliedrecht near Rotterdam. The bomb in Sliedrecht exploded at a police station, injuring two policemen. As a precautionary measure, a motorway section in the city of Utrecht was closed near a third IKEA store where a suspicious package was found. No motive behind the attacks has been disclosed yet. Given the safety concerns, IKEA has decided to close its stores in the Netherlands today according to their spokeswoman Helen van Trearum. IKEA is a Swedish-based global furniture retailer with stores in numerous countries. Meanwhile, the Amsterdam head office of Dutch news agency ANP was evacuated on Wednesday after police warned that a bomb might have been planted in the building. To unsubscribe from this group, send an email." }, { "body": "Hi all, does anyone know how to configure dual keyboards? One is a standalone keypad that should function as the primary input device when plugged in. However, if another keyboard is connected, it should take over the input. I'm looking for any possible hacks. Thanks to Carlos and Irish Linux users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Is anyone aware of how to configure dual keyboards? One is a standalone keypad and both have connections. I'd like the keypad to function as the primary input device, but if the other keyboard is plugged in, it should take over. I believe you can achieve this with a keyboard switch; places like Viking Direct and Maplin carry them. This email has been scanned for viruses by the MessageLabs SkyScan service. For more information on a proactive antivirus service working around the clock worldwide, visit Irish Linux Users. For unsubscription information, please refer to our website." }, { "body": "Hello Gianni, I'm sorry to hear that you're having trouble installing Linux on your laptop. It seems like the installation process is failing after a certain point, and you suspect it might be related to the infrared port since you had similar issues with Windows installation. However, as you are new to Linux, I understand it might not be easy for you to troubleshoot this issue yourself. Since the problem occurs during the CD-ROM verification or shortly after, your suspicion of the infrared port appears plausible. I would suggest disabling the infrared port temporarily and see if that resolves the issue during the Linux installation process. If disabling the infrared port does not help, I recommend seeking assistance from a more experienced Linux user or professional. Please remember to backup your data before making any significant changes. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Tim Chapman, On Wednesday, Dutch IKEA stores are under thorough search as bomb threats have been discovered in two locations. As a fellow victim of the Ikea nesting instinct, I find myself compelled to acquire items like the 'Clever Coffee Table' shaped as Yin and Yang or pondering over dining sets that define my personality. It seems we've traded pornography for the Horchow Collection, even cherishing the glass dishes with tiny bubbles and imperfections, symbolizing their craftsmanship by honest, simple, hardworking people from various regions. However, Tyler Durden in Fight Club challenges this nesting instinct by bombing Jack's apartment. Perhaps you are trying to awaken this anti-consumerist sentiment within us Ikea enthusiasts? Just pondering... To unsubscribe from this group, kindly send an email with your intent." }, { "body": "I experienced a similar issue when installing Windows on my device and managed to resolve it by disabling the infrared port within the BIOS. I suggest you do the same for your infrared port in the BIOS, Irish users can find unsubscription information if needed." }, { "body": "Investigation Launched into Man's Death on Tube Train A probe has been initiated concerning the fatality of a passenger who attempted to surf on a tube train. The incident occurred at Chalk Farm station on the Northern Line on Monday night. According to eyewitness accounts, the man was observed clinging onto the departing train from the North London station. It's also speculated that he may have been waving goodbye to friends inside the train. Tragically, the man lost his life upon striking the wall at the start of the tunnel at the end of the platform. It appears he might have been attempting to board the side of the train; however, the exact circumstances remain unclear according to a London Underground spokeswoman. The investigation is being jointly handled by both London Underground and British Transport Police, who have declared the death as non-suspicious. To unsubscribe from this group, please send an email." }, { "body": "Hi Gianni, I came across a potential resource for your issue. It's a guide that walks you through various laptop installations, emphasizing points to consider during the process. You can find it here and let us know if it helps you out. If successful, great! Cheers, Phil Trickett Regarding your problem with Linux installation on your laptop, I believe the issue might be related to the infrared port. You mentioned that you were able to sort out a similar issue with Windows by disabling this port. Since you're new to Linux, it might not be straightforward to diagnose and resolve the problem. However, I suggest trying to disable the infrared port during the Linux installation process to see if it resolves the issue. Please remember that any files transmitted with this email are confidential and intended solely for your use. If you receive this email by mistake, kindly notify the EPA postmaster. The opinions expressed within are personal to me and may not reflect the policy of the Environmental Protection Agency. This email has been swept by MimeSweeper for computer viruses. Best Regards, Philip Trickett, Techworks Marine Ltd" }, { "body": "Dear Gianni Ponzi, I understand that you are encountering an issue while installing Linux on your laptop. You mentioned that you tried Red Hat and SUSE, but the system dies during installation. I will look into disabling DMA (Direct Memory Access) to see if this resolves the problem. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the list, please find the necessary information below. Best regards," }, { "body": "It appears that the technology used for web page content filtering proxies, such as keeping children or employees from visiting inappropriate websites, could have another potential application. Furthermore, my friend has suggested applying Bayesian analysis to network security multiple times, which I find intriguing and potentially profitable. However, I may need to brush up on probability statistics before diving into such a project. I'm considering using Bayesian analysis as a replacement for GNU's adaptive scoring, although it seems like a more challenging problem than spam filtering. Nonetheless, it could be interesting. Best regards, M (referring to the Spambayes mailing list)" }, { "body": "Hello, I believe there may be some additional details needed on your issue regarding the installation of Linux on Dec 07, specifically with Gianni Ponzi's laptop. You mentioned encountering a problem during installation with both Red Hat and SUSE, with the system freezing or rebooting unexpectedly. Could you please specify which versions of these distributions you were using? I've managed to initiate the installation process but the system would freeze after some point. I'm wondering if this could be due to the infrared port, as it caused issues when installing Windows and was eventually resolved by disabling it in the BIOS. However, I'm still unsure whether disabling the infrared port in Linux would solve the problem since I'm relatively new to this operating system. The laptop in question is... (please provide the laptop model), with a specific processor and RAM size... (provide these details). It seems like an older model, as booting from CD-ROM doesn't seem to be an option or it might have been disabled in the BIOS. I'm also curious if the CD-ROM itself is internal or external, or perhaps there's something unusual about it. Lastly, if you could provide me with unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users group, that would be much appreciated. Thank you," }, { "body": "I hope all users who do not have additional sequences will only notice cosmetic changes. However, when I started using the latest EXMH with your changes, I encountered an error: 'cant read no such element in array while executing if flisttotalcountmhprofileunseensequence flaginner spool iconspool labelup else flaginner down icondown labeldown procedure flagmsgseen line invoked from within flagmsgseen procedure msgseen line invoked from within msgseen msgid procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow msgid procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange show invoked from within time list msgchange msgid show procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange msgid show procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow cur eval body line invoked from within eval msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange inbox msgshow cur invoked from within time list folderchange folder msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange exmhfolder procedure exmh line invoked from within exmh after script which is probably related to my not having an unseen sequence anywhere certainly not in inbox. I read all of my outstanding mail before I tried this new EXMH. I was used to having a key binding for msgmarkunseen, which no longer seems to exist. I'm not sure what I should replace that with. There is obviously a way as the sequences menu does this; the mark unseen menu entry in the message more menu is still wanting that function as well. For those who have other sequences defined, the window will widen to display the other sequences, but it fits the display better if all my EXMH stuff is in nice columns (I use the detached folder list, one column, the main EXMH window takes up full screen top to bottom but less than half the width). I have space for more sequences in the unseen window as long as they remain once nice narrow window. Best would be if the sequences could be ordered by some preference, then ones which did not fit would just fall off the bottom and not be shown. I also prefer it if that window had no unusual background coloring; just one constant color. I have been running the unseen window with a black background on a root window that is all black with no borders or other decorations, but made sticky so the appearance is just like the folders with unseen messages and their counts are written into the root window because it is sticky; this small display follows me around, and I can see when new mail needs processing. I also find that I tend to have a bunch of sequences that only ever occur in one folder; some I had forgotten I ever created. So, in addition to the sequences to always show and sequences to never show, a preference to only show sequences that occur in more than one folder would be useful. Then, have the sequences that occur only in the folder I'm visiting appear in the list when that folder is current; this is just to keep the list size somewhat manageable while remaining productive. I quite often use a sequence to remember a particular message in a folder; the name is used only there and only for one message; it gives me a handle on the message which remains as the folder is packed, sorted, etc. I haven't updated my EXMH for some time now, so I'm not sure if this next request is new or just new since, but the sequences menu on the bar with the new flist search only contains unseen and urgent; it would be useful if it contained all of the sequences that the folder happens to have defined. A new sequence entry would also be useful to mark the message with a sequence name that did not previously exist which can be done now using search and the pick interface, but is clumsy. That way, actually you once could; now when I try this entering a sequence name in the pick box and a single message number or a range nn in the list of messages and no pick attributes at all, I now get syntax error: 'hit' has no attributes. Looks as if something is now saying 'hit' when before it did not, or similar. I've also changed the FToc colorization as discussed briefly on the list a week or so ago; any chance of making the current message a little brighter background just to make it stand out a fraction more than it does? Maybe this is more apparent to me than many as I use very small fonts everywhere." }, { "body": "Subject: Exmh Preferences Issue Hi Chris Garrigues, I've rephrased your email regarding the Exmh issue as follows: 'Have you ever tried to prevent MH from having a 'pseq' sequence in the message header? I suspect everyone is looking at a big box that contains 'unseen' and 'pseq'. It might be beneficial to add 'pseq' to the hide by default list by default. Was it intended that if you added a sequence to the never show list, it would not take effect until you stopped and restarted Exmh? I added 'pseq' and saved the preferences, but the changes did not take effect until I restarted Exmh. It used to work correctly; I will check why it stopped working.' Regarding your question, no, it was not intended that if you added a sequence to the never show list, it would not take effect until you stopped and restarted Exmh. I will look into this issue and find out why it stopped working. Best, " }, { "body": "Robert Elz, I have been using mh for a long time, since before sequences were in use. I haven't encountered the 'pseq' sequence you mentioned, assuming it is the sequence you are referring to as it doesn't have a default name. The sequence names used by different people tend to vary, don't they? However, as mh configurations move between institutions, they often take on names by osmosis. I have always used 'sel' for this purpose instead. I doubt that any predefined sequence name will be very general. Even if unseen, it can be changed fortunately. The 'pseq' sequence is easily found in the mh profile though whether exmh does this or just uses 'unseen' I haven't bothered to find out yet. By the way, I have never seen 'pseq' either. It's amusing for a short while to show the current sequence and watch it help me find a number of bugs. Best regards, " }, { "body": "I hope this email finds you well. I am reaching out to discuss some issues I've encountered while using the latest version of EXMH with your changes. Upon starting, I get an error: 'cant read no such element in array while executing if flisttotalcountmhprofileunseensequence flaginner spool iconspool labelup else flaginner down icondown labeldown procedure flagmsgseen line invoked from within flagmsgseen procedure msgseen line invoked from within msgseen msgid procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow msgid procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange show invoked from within time list msgchange msgid show procedure msgchange line invoked from within msgchange msgid show procedure msgshow line invoked from within msgshow cur eval body line invoked from within eval msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange inbox msgshow cur invoked from within time list folderchange folder msgshowproc procedure folderchange line invoked from within folderchange exmhfolder procedure exmh line invoked from within exmh after script which is probably related to my not having an unseen sequence anywhere certainly not in inbox. I read all of my outstanding mail before trying this new EXMH. Previously, I was used to having a key binding for 'msgmarkunseen' that doesn't seem to exist anymore and I am unsure what I should replace it with. The sequences menu does this function but the mark unseen menu entry in the message more menu is still wanting that function as well. For those who have other sequences defined, the window widens to display the other sequences, which fits the display better if the sequences could be ordered by some preference, and ones which didn't fit would just fall off the bottom and not be shown. Ideally, the sequences would only appear in a constant color with no unusual background coloring. I have been running the unseen window with a black background on a root window that is all black with no borders or other decorations but made sticky so that it appears like the folders with unseen messages and their counts are written into the root window because it is sticky, this small display follows me around, allowing me to see when new mail needs processing. I also find that I tend to have a bunch of sequences that only ever occur in one folder, some I had forgotten I ever created. So, a preference to only show sequences that occur in more than one folder would be useful and then have the sequences that occur only in the folder I'm visiting appear in the list when that folder is current. This is just to keep the list size somewhat manageable while remaining productive. I quite often use a sequence to remember a particular message in a folder, the name is used only there and only for one message, it gives me a handle on the message which remains as the folder is packed, sorted etc. I haven't updated my EXMH for some time now so I'm not sure if this next point is new or just new since then, but the sequences menu on the bar with new flist search only contains unseen and urgent. It would be useful if it contained all of the sequences that the folder happens to have defined. A new sequence entry would also be useful to mark the message with a sequence name that didn't previously exist, which can be done now using search and the pick interface but is clumsy in that way. Actually, you once could now when I try this entering a sequence name in the pick box and a single message number or a range nn in the list made no difference. Looks as if something is now saying 'hit' when before it didn't or similar. I've also changed the FToc colorization as discussed briefly on the list a week or so ago. Any chance of making the current message a little brighter background just to make it stand out a fraction more than it does? Maybe this is more apparent to me than many as I use very small fonts everywhere. The background of the FToc line isn't very wide. I hope this helps." }, { "body": "I have been using Exmh for a considerable amount of time, even before sequences were introduced, and I don't recall ever encountering a 'pseq'. It appears that 'pseq' was in my Exmh profile from the distant past. Apologies for any confusion this may cause. Exmh Workers mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Robert Elz, I appreciate your detailed email regarding your issues with Exmh. Here's a summary of your concerns and some potential solutions: 1. The error 'no such element in array' during execution of the if flisttotalcountmhprofileunseensequence flaginner spool iconspool labelup else flaginner down icondown labeldown procedure flagmsgseen line fixed in cvs: This seems to be a problem with a specific script. I suggest reviewing this script and ensuring it's properly updated. 2. The missing 'msgmarkunseen' function: You mentioned using this function to mark messages as unread. If it no longer exists, you might need to find an alternative way to perform this action. Perhaps exploring the sequences menu for a similar function would be helpful. 3. Window layout preferences: You prefer your Exmh windows in specific column arrangements. To achieve this, you could consider using 'pack side top' instead of 'pack side left'. However, since each window has a different width, this might not look optimal. An alternative approach could be to order sequences by preference and have those that don't fit fall off the bottom. 4. Unnecessary background coloring: You prefer a consistent color scheme for your Exmh windows. To accomplish this, I can ensure that there is no unusual background coloring in the requested window. 5. Sequences based on multiple folders: A preference to only show sequences that occur in more than one folder would be beneficial. This would help keep the list size manageable while remaining productive. 6. Sequences for unique messages: You often use sequences to remember particular messages in a folder. It would be useful if sequences not previously defined could be created and used for these purposes. 7. Expanding the sequences menu: The sequences menu on the bar with new flist search only contains unseen and urgent. Including all defined sequences within this menu would improve usability. 8. Colorization concerns: You mentioned some issues with colorization, particularly when entering a sequence name in the pick box and a message number or range. I will look into this issue to resolve any syntax errors. 9. Current message highlighting: You requested making the current message stand out more by changing its background color slightly. This can be done and I'll experiment with different options. Regarding your changes to the ftoc colorization, I will make sure to update it as discussed. Best regards, Chris Garrigues" }, { "body": "I have been accustomed to using a key binding, specifically 'msgmarkunseen', which appears to no longer exist. I'm not certain about the replacement for this function as the Sequences menu does a similar task. However, the 'Mark Unseen' entry in the Message More menu still expects this functionality. It seems I missed the need to adjust this in appdefaults. That will be my next CVS fix. The issue has been resolved in CVS." }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I have been made aware of an issue you are experiencing with the program. It seems that when entering a sequence name in the pick box and a single message number or a range (nn) in the list of messages, with no pick attributes at all, you are now encountering a syntax error while executing the 'ftocfindmsg' procedure. This issue appears to be originating from within the 'ftocfindmsgs', 'ftocpickmsgs', and 'ftocpickmsgs' procedures, as well as others mentioned in your email. I am unable to reproduce this error at the moment but will investigate further. It is possible that something has changed in the program which may be causing it to behave differently than before. If you added a subject to pick and found no difference, this issue may not be related to that change. However, if you feel that the problem could have been caused by your recent actions, please let me know so I can take appropriate action. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Chris Garrigues here from Austin, TX. Regarding your question about the Pseq sequence in Exmh, it seems that you might have been looking at a big box that contains both 'unseen' and 'pseq'. It was suggested that one might want to add 'pseq' to the hide by default list. I believe there may have been some confusion about how changing preferences in Exmh works. If you change a field in the preferences window, the variable doesn't actually change unless you press the return key. Simply clicking elsewhere won't make any changes happen. It appears that you added 'pseq' to the never show list but didn't see the effect immediately after saving your preferences. This is because the change does not take effect until you stop and restart Exmh. However, it was not intended that this behavior should occur. Initially, everything worked fine, but I will investigate why it stopped working as expected." }, { "body": "Robert Elz, I have my doubts that any pre-built sequence name will be particularly general. Fortunately, this can be modified easily as it can be found in the mh profile. It seems that exmh uses this profile setting and it appears as 'unseensequence' in the code. As for whether exmh does that or simply uses 'unseen', I haven't taken the time to find out yet. However, you can verify this by checking the documentation for the exmh mailing list." }, { "body": "There doesn't seem to be a built-in command for inserting a signature using keyboard shortcuts in most common email clients. However, you can typically create and insert a signature from the settings or account options within your email client. For example, in Gmail, you can create and manage signatures by going to Settings > See all settings > General > Signature. After creating the signature, it should automatically be added to your emails when you compose a new message." }, { "body": "Dear Chris Garrigues, I have some doubts about the generality of any pre-built-in sequence name. However, it can be changed fortunately, and I was able to find it in the mh profile. Whether exmh does that or it uses unseen, I haven't bothered to find out until this patch. In exmh, there were numerous hardcoded references to unseen. One of the things I did was to change these to look in the already available global variable with the value in it, which other parts of the code did use anyway. I have just fixed the performance problem with repeatedly reading the sequences files and will patch it in after I've run it for a while. Regards, Robert Elz" }, { "body": "Hello Declan, Thank you for your message! It seems that you have confirmed your preference for Linux and found what you needed from Padraig. If you are interested in joining the Irish Linux Users group or need information about unsubscribing, please let me know. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear All, I previously mentioned that I was looking for a quieter case and power supply for my Linux box at home. After much research, I decided to invest in a Lian Li Aluminum Case which has proven to be a worthy investment. It is spacious, easy to work on with thumbscrews, has smooth edges, adjustable fans, USB ports, and a slide-out tray for the motherboard. However, it's important to note that the case model I received was slightly different from the one advertised online. Also, the fans and power supply were included but I ordered them separately. The flower cooler kit I bought is completely silent, making coding in peace a reality now! Best Regards, Justin" }, { "body": "Dear Kiall Mac Innes, I have a Phillips head screw that is holding a circuit board together. I need to remove it as soon as possible because the threads on the screw are almost completely gone. The screw is very small and requires a precision screwdriver set to remove. I don't have access to a drill, but I suggest you get a very small set of drill bits. Start drilling in the center of the head at a slow speed so as not to pop off or go through the board. Once you have a bit of an indent, increase the speed a little bit. If the head doesn't pop off after making a deepish indent, use the next largest drill bit you have and repeat until it does. Eventually, the head should just pop off, allowing you to lift the board off over the shaft of the screw. After that, you can easily remove the rest with pliers or similar tools. Regarding unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please refer to the list provided." }, { "body": "Hello Ciaran, I understand you're having trouble with your Windows partition. It seems that your floppy drive is not functioning and you can't currently obtain a new one. Here are some suggestions: 1. If you have another computer with a working floppy drive, you could copy the necessary files to a floppy disk there and then transfer it to your current machine. 2. Another option is to create a bootable USB drive using tools like Rufus or YUMI, which can be used as a replacement for a floppy disk. Regarding the commands you mentioned: iosys, commandcom, msdossys, your cd driver sys and reading the autoexec.bat and config.sys files should provide some hints on how to proceed with your bootable floppy. However, without a functioning floppy drive, it might be difficult to implement these steps at the moment. I hope this helps! Let me know if you need more assistance." }, { "body": "I'm proposing a somewhat unconventional solution that may prove useful, particularly for an internal zip drive (not sure about external ones). If your BIOS supports using a ZIP as a floppy drive, you could create a bootable ZIP disk with all the necessary DOS utilities. This method was suggested by Graham Smith, Network Administrator at the Department of Computing, Institute of Technology Tallaght Dublin. Ciaran Johnston recently formatted a Windows partition from Linux using this technique. For those who are members of the Irish Linux Users Group and wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the information provided in the group." }, { "body": "Please ensure that you have formatted the partition with FAT and made the partition size such that DOS won't encounter recognition issues. This is important for Irish Linux users to access unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Apologies for reaching out unexpectedly. I was wondering if anyone knows of a mailing list specifically focused on macOS, which is a version of BSD/NextStep (not a version of anything else except NextStep with a 'mac hack job'). It has a bastardized but functional BSD layer sitting atop Mach and uses case-insensitive HFS (not really a BSD). Here's a little trick: touch makefile and makefile notice the lack of error message but the absence of makefile. Don't bother formatting for UFS, Apple's UFS implementation performs poorly and was frozen in during bad implementation, with no updates since. HFS gets tweaked every now and then, but enough complaining seems to have them looking at shoving something new in somewhere down the road. There are also holdover Next issues such as multiple versions of common Unix files, but none of them do anything; all changes you'd usually append to them have to go through NetInfo Manager. All in all, I find it to be a functional albeit quirky desktop environment. For unsubscription information from the Linux users list, kind regards." }, { "body": "Dear Conor Wynne Tim, I'm currently contemplating purchasing a device specifically for macOS, but I plan to wait until they release the latest version first. As of last week, every new Mac comes with an upgrade CD. So, if you were to buy one now, you could run it before the release unless someone is selling a Pomme Kit at a relatively low price and we could swap. Even mac geeks have a longer upgrade cycle than the average PC user, but you wouldn't know it! For unsubscription information, please refer to details provided earlier. Best of luck with your search. Regards, Irish Linux Users" }, { "body": "Hi there, I'm seeking information regarding Red Hat Kickstart and its usage among Red Hat admins. If you're a Red Hat admin who doesn't use Kickstart for installing Red Hat on multiple workstations, could you share your method? As we are planning to implement Linux at our workplace, I'm considering setting up Kickstart. However, I find that the documentation around it is scarce. I'm interested in knowing if it's possible to boot a machine using DHCP and have it read its kickstart configuration file from the DHCP server. In this config file, I would like the machine to be set up with a static IP so that when rebooted, it comes up with its new IP. Also, during my recent installation of Red Hat on a machine, there was no driver on the Red Hat network install floppy for the network card in the machine. This required me to uncompress the floppy image, loop mount it, add in the module for the network card, compress it again, and then repeat this process for each new machine. I'm wondering if instead of using a boot floppy, I could use a boot CD-ROM with all the necessary network card modules on it? This way, I could still get the packages from an NFS server on the network. Any assistance or insights you can provide would be greatly appreciated." }, { "body": "John, Mutt apparently calls the Sendmail program directly, but I thought it would be inadvisable to hardcode the authentication details (username and password) into the sendmail.cf file. Instead, Postfix provides a binary called 'usrsbin/sendmail' which seems to handle this task by placing your outgoing message in the correct queue. To ensure that your Postfix SMTP client authenticates with your Postfix SMTP server, you will need it to use SASL (Simple Authentication and Security Layer). If this is the case, I remember seeing documentation on how to configure the Postfix SMTP client to authenticate. If you are using SASL, I suggest looking at the relevant configuration guides for configuring the Postfix SMTP client to authenticate with your specific setup. For unsubscription information, please refer to resources for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Dear Ivan Kelly, Can you please help me set up a dial-on-demand connection? Here are the general packages and requirements you may need: 1. pppd (Point-to-Point Protocol daemon) for dial-up connections. 2. chat utility to handle modem control. 3. Stunnel or OpenVPN for encryption if required. 4. Scripts for handling user authentication and dial-out. For Debian systems, you can put the demand in /etc/ppp/peers. Set the timeout using 'idle' command in the configuration file (usually named as the peer or connection name). The exact location to put it may vary for other distributions, but pppd should be able to get its options from there. Regards, " }, { "body": "Here is a link to the Compaq kit article, it also includes other articles which may be helpful. I'm curious, how many Red Hat administrators out there utilize Red Hat Kickstart? If you don't use it, do you manually install Red Hat on all your workstations using CDs? We are considering implementing Linux at work and I'm looking into setting up the Kickstart. It appears that there isn't a lot of documentation available around this topic. Does anyone know if it would be possible to configure the machine to boot using DHCP, read its Kickstart config file from the DHCP server? In this config file, I'd like for the machine to be configured with a static IP so that when rebooted, it will come up with its new IP. Also, there was no driver on the Red Hat network install floppy for the network card in the machine I'm installing, requiring me to uncompress the floppy image, loop mount it, add in the module for the network card, and compress it all again. This is not a practical solution as I won't be able to do this every time we get a new machine. Instead of having a boot floppy, could we use a boot CD-ROM but just for the purpose of having all the network card modules on the CD-ROM? I would still want it to get the packages from an NFS server on the network. Any help with this would be greatly appreciated. Cheers, Deccy Declan Houlihan" }, { "body": "Dear Paul, As I encountered an issue with a symbol on Solaris, I resorted to colloquial language and penned a limerick: 'In olden times, the quid was king, But floppy discs are still quite cheap. Are they not, dear Paul? You're way too busy, I see, To be dealing with this, sure wasn't it, Niall. But, in all seriousness, about your enquiry on buying a floppy drive, they're roughly available for the price of yoyos or at their worst, squid. If you're interested, let me know. For those who wish to unsubscribe from our Irish Linux Users Group social list, kindly find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Dear Wynne, I hope this email finds you well. It appears that you have expressed a desire for a cat resembling the Pok mon Persian, but to an average cat breeder, it seems more like a Siamese cat. However, I must warn you that such a statement may elicit significant frowns from your fellow cat breeders due to the stark differences between the two. You may wonder why this Pok mon is called Persian when it bears no resemblance to a Persian cat; instead, it seems more like a Siamese or Abysinnian. If you're keen on either of these breeds, be prepared to part with a significant amount of money, as they aren't cheap. There aren't many quality cat breeders in Ireland and they usually don't have many kittens for sale, so obtaining a Siamese or Abysinnian cat quickly may not be feasible. That being said, the Burmese are also nice cats, but I understand your preference for the pointy ears of the Siamese. However, I must caution you that Siamese cats, in general, aren't the friendliest and are prone to slight overbreeding, which can lead to hissing maniacs. The Abysinnians tend to be nicer, and the Burmese even more so. Of course, individual cats can vary significantly. On a separate note, I would like to inform you about the Irish Linux Users Group social event scheduled for the holidays. For those who wish to unsubscribe, kindly find the information at the end of this email. Best regards, Colm Buckley" }, { "body": "Thank you for your email. It seems that Daisy is interested in a cat resembling a Pokemon, but she loves Persian cats as well. Contrary to popular opinion, it's actually Daisy who prefers the Pokemon-style cat, and any feline would do. You may find it interesting that the Pokemon called 'Persian' bears no resemblance to traditional Persian cats, instead appearing more like a Siamese or Abysinnian cat. If you're considering either of these breeds, be prepared for a hefty price tag as they aren't cheap. For a younger one, it could add up to quite a bit of fish food, and obtaining one in the republic may not always be possible. An Abysinnian that resembles the Pokemon-style Persian would fit the bill nicely. I hope this advice helps, as Daisy now has at least two options to consider before her birthday. For unsubscription information regarding the Irish Linux Users Group social events, please refer to their website." }, { "body": "There's a possibility for you to visit your local cat sanctuary, often referred to as a cat home, shelter or pound. They might have a cat that fits your criteria: healthy, resembles a Persian breed, friendly with children. The establishment is unlikely to charge you an arm and a leg; instead, they may ask for a donation. Your daughter may not be too concerned about the cat's origin as long as it's well taken care of later on. I recommend taking the cat to a vet for a checkup and ensuring it receives necessary vaccinations. It might also be wise to have the cat spayed or neutered while you're there, but note that most sanctuaries will already have this done. Some cats in these facilities may have been mistreated previously, so they might not interact well with children or could be shy. Therefore, it would be beneficial for your daughter to meet the cat you've selected to gauge their compatibility. Lastly, here's a link for unsubscribing from the Ciaran by a Consortium of Felines Irish Linux Users Group social media group." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm interested in constructing a completely silent PC that will serve as a gateway for my wireless network and will be located in my room, which is right next to the chimney where I'll be mounting the aerial. Since it's just inches away from the chimney, any noise from the PC would drive me crazy. I have an existing system that doesn't have a fan, and I'm not too concerned about HD noise as it will mostly be idle. However, I'd appreciate any suggestions or advice you might have. Unfortunately, I can't afford one of those compact, totally silent PCs currently available, and using an old laptop isn't an option since I've already purchased an APCI wireless card and cable. Could you help me find a fanless Power Supply Unit (PSU)? I know they exist because I've seen them at Antefacto. Do you happen to know where I can purchase one? Also, I seem to recall there being a lack of a metal box around the large voltage components in these units. Lastly, if you could provide information on how to unsubscribe from your Greg Irish Linux Users Group social group, I would be grateful. Thank you for your assistance." }, { "body": "It appears that a person who believes is generally more content than one who is skeptical, much in the same way a drunken individual feels happier at home compared to a sober one. The joy derived from blind faith is as debatable as the happiness felt by an intoxicated person. George Bernard Shaw once said that this 'cheap and dangerous quality' is not without its risks. If you wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users Group, please find the relevant information listed below." }, { "body": "I believe the cats will be more drawn to the large fish in the tank, which are currently growing. Interestingly, I have another individual with similar setups and a couple of cats as well. One day, the cats sat on top of the tank, waiting for the fish to swim by, preparing their paws for attack. However, trouble arose as the fish were also interested in feeding, and they were significantly faster than the cats. Consequently, the cats couldn't actually hurt them, as they only eat very small rodents in the wild. Now, the cats are wary of approaching the fish tank. Personally, I have been bitten by these creatures many times, but I've only drawn blood once. I wanted to express my gratitude for all those who replied to my unexpected email about our feline friends. I never knew so many people shared this fascination! As for your obsession with cats that hunt, it's not mine. Evolution, anyone? It's true that I don't like mice and rats in the house, and we haven't had any since we got our current cat. You may find it intriguing that while cats sometimes bring birds to your bed, they are usually the wrong kind. In fact, it's mostly mice they bring, but they will eventually stop bringing their kills back to the house once they realize you're not interested and are never going to learn to hunt. Essentially, they are trying to teach you hunting. The kittens first bring back kills, then later they bring back live but injured prey for the kittens to practice on. However, they will still occasionally bring something back on occasion." }, { "body": "On Saturday, July 30th, Greg Farrell, I wanted to clarify that I cannot use a laptop because I have a PCI wireless card and the cable for it costs approximately $XX, so I need a PC with a PCI connector (such as Pentiums or anything above). In the UK, there is a store that sells a lot of silent gear but I can't recall its name. A Google search for 'silent PC' or similar should help find it. For unsubscription information from the Irish Linux Users Group social media, please refer to their official resources." }, { "body": "Subject: Discussion on Cat Hunting Behavior and Unsubscription from PaulJ Irish Linux Users Group Dear Kevin Lyda, I've noticed your recent fascination with cats that hunt, however, this is not a topic I share an interest in. I personally dislike rodents, especially when they invade our home, and fortunately, we haven't encountered such an issue since getting our current cat. It's true that cats sometimes present birds in the bed, but let me clarify that it's usually not the type of bird we appreciate. To be more precise, it's mostly mice they bring, and after a few summers, they should stop doing so once they realize you're not interested and are never going to learn to hunt. You're correct in stating that cats use this behavior to teach their kittens hunting skills. Initially, they bring dead prey to the kittens, then later, they present live but injured prey for the kittens to practice on. However, they may still occasionally bring back items. Regarding the PaulJ Irish Linux Users Group, here's the information you need for unsubscription." }, { "body": "On Saturday, July, I'd like to suggest another location to find cats - local farms as they often have numerous felines. If you spot a healthy-looking kitten there, please take it to the vet for essential vaccinations since it likely hasn't had any. An added advantage is that if you opt for a slightly older kitten, say several months old, it will already possess some hunting experience. However, I must mention that although cats may sometimes bring birds to your bed, it's not the desired kind of bird. As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'Belief is better than skepticism. Imagination is better than knowledge.' I can't help but notice that this sentiment echoes the preference a drunken man has for his home over a sober one. The happiness derived from belief, no matter how cheap or dangerous it may be, remains a significant factor. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users Group, please find the relevant information in our social media or group forum." }, { "body": "On Saturday, Kevin Lyda suggested using alternative methods to run old boxes, such as using a PCMCIA card and a Compaq flash card, or performing an NFS boot to a server located in a noisier part of the house (like the boiler room). He also mentioned that there are versions of OpenBSD that can run from a compact flash. Antefactos software runs on these devices, and CFIDE adapters are available for this purpose. Therefore, consider getting a compact flash, mounting it, and using it as an alternative solution. Additionally, if you're interested in fanless PSUs similar to those offered by Antefacto, let me know. If you're looking at me to perform accounting duties (dbp), you will look, but you will never see. If you're looking at me to start having babies (db db), then you can wish, as I'm not here to entertain such ideas. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users Group, please refer to the social group for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "An older desktop computer might be more suitable since it typically comes with a UPS battery (I meant to say that I cannot use a laptop as I have a PCI wireless card and the cable for it costs around $20, so it must have a PCI connector. Some people dismantle old computers, remove the hard drive, disable the fans, and run them from just a floppy drive or a CD you've burned for the purpose. However, I would do this with my own system, but the PSU (Power Supply Unit) has a fan and won't support my wireless card. If you are an awkward Greg Irish Linux users group member who wants to unsubscribe, please find the unsubscription information in the list." }, { "body": "Greg Farrel, an old desktop computer might be more suitable for you since it typically comes with its own UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply) and a battery. Unfortunately, I can't use a desktop as I have a PCI wireless card and the cable for it costs around $XX (replace XX with your actual cost). Therefore, the system has to be a PC with a PCI connector, such as certain Pentiums and models above. Some people strip down old boxes, take out the hard drive, disable the fans, and run the thing from just a floppy drive or a CD you've burned for the purpose. I would consider doing that myself, but the power supply unit (PSU) in these systems may not support my wireless card and usually comes with a fan. I believe they have fanless PSUs available and claim to have very quiet ones. If you are interested, please check if they offer such options. For unsubscription information from the Kenn Irish Linux Users Group social group, kindly visit their website." }, { "body": "Hi Rick Moen, Some individuals dismantle old boxes, remove the hard drive and disable fans, running them from just a floppy drive or a CD you've burned for this purpose. I was wondering if using a PCMCIA card and a Compaq flash card, or booting via annfs to a server in a noisier part of the house like the boiler room is an option? Kevin believes that a believer is happier than a skeptic. This statement is as uncontested as saying a drunken man is happier at home than a sober one. The bliss derived from credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality, as G.B. Shaw once said in the Irish Linux Users Group. If you wish to unsubscribe, please find the necessary information below. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear , I'm looking to construct a completely silent PC that will serve as a gateway for my wireless network, as my room is just a stone's throw from the chimney where I plan to mount the aerial. The silence is crucial as any noise might drive me up the wall. I was thinking an old laptop would be perfect for this purpose, since it already comes with its own UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply). Some people dismantle old computers, remove the hard drive, disable the fans, and run them from just a floppy drive or a CD-ROM you've burned for the purpose. If you have any information about the Irish Linux Users Group social or how to unsubscribe, I'd greatly appreciate it. Best, " }, { "body": "For unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users Group social, please visit or follow the instructions provided in the latest newsletter." }, { "body": "Subject: Inquiry about Spanish and Irish Language Schools in America Hi there, I hope this email finds you well. I've been pondering a question regarding the status of Spanish as a foreign language in America, and I was wondering if you could clarify my understanding. From what I've learned, Spanish indeed continues to be considered a foreign language in America, which seems more useful than French for many. However, I've also heard concerns about political indoctrination in Irish language schools, particularly when I was a teenager. They had us marching, saluting flags, singing national anthems, and college anthems. While I understand that adult learners might be treated with more dignity, I can't help but wonder if minor outbursts of English in emotional circumstances would still be met with reprimands. If I decide to attend a class, I'm there primarily to learn. Any incorporation of anthems or politics will be taken as additional insights, but only with my critical thinking cap fully engaged, just like when I engage with mass media. However, I would prefer to avoid any overt political indoctrination. Regarding the Irish course I took in Dublin, they did indeed perform the national anthem, which is fine. Each day at school in America, I started with the Pledge of Allegiance, including the 'under God' part, which annoyed my father greatly. However, such indoctrination didn't stick at the age of five, and I doubt it will have an effect now. On a separate note, I was thinking about open-source software like OpenOffice and Gaeilge (Irish). It would be beneficial if there were an Irish spell dictionary converted for OpenOffice, similar to what Abiword already has for Irish spell checking and some interface strings translated. This was discussed around a couple of months ago, but it seems to have drifted to a horribly small percentage. I've noticed a significant opportunity for a fully Irish computing environment in the free software world. However, I don't see much action from official Irish organizations. The reason Mandrake and some others have Irish support is due to individuals like Donnacha Kevin, who are believers. As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'The happiness of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality.' If you're part of any Irish Linux users group or know where I could unsubscribe from such information lists, I'd appreciate the help. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear all, I came across your email and it seems you're discussing the lack of action from official Irish organizations regarding a fully Irish computing environment in free software. I find this quite intriguing given the potential opportunity that lies in this area. Your point about Mandrake, and others with Irish support, being attributed to individuals like Donnacha is well taken. It's interesting to note that the Basque government has funded the translation of Mandrake to Basque, making it possible for users to install and use the system in their preferred language. I believe that the organization responsible for promoting Irish within the Irish government could learn a lot from this approach. The Basque government previously paid Microsoft for translating Windows, but they found it excessively expensive and the translations would often be outdated by the time they were released. Now, they are promoting free software while also supporting their language - a win-win situation. Best wishes, Arkaitz Irish Linux Users Group" }, { "body": "On Friday, August , Dermot Beirne will be out of the office and will not return until further notice. Please note that the information contained in this email is confidential and may be subject to legal restrictions. For unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users Group, kindly visit our website or respond to this message." }, { "body": "Dear Group, I will be out of the office from Friday and will not return until further notice. The information included in this email is highly confidential and may be legally sensitive. I urge everyone to handle it with utmost care. Given the seriousness of this situation, I believe it's crucial that we immediately contact our Systems Manager about this leak. Here are some potential email addresses: postmaster, info, sales, hostmaster, webmaster, support, and accounts (or any other relevant address). If we do not receive an adequate response, I suggest we persist in raising the matter until we get a satisfactory solution. I've also noticed that many people posting from company addresses do not have email disclaimers. I encourage everyone in a professional position to advocate for the implementation of disclaimers on company emails, stationery, and phone systems. A useful resource for this could be the email disclaimers advocacy site. However, it's important to note that while email disclaimers are not legally binding, they serve as good practice in attempting to disclaim liability. As Michael Chissick, head of internet law at Field Fisher Waterhouse, suggests, we should ignore the initial part of a quote he made about the non-binding nature of email disclaimers and instead focus on more favorable quotes from self-aggrandizing pundits or leading experts. There's a rumor circulating that a large UK company lost a court case due to an employee sending a libelous email despite having email disclaimers. I advise you not to pay heed to this, it appears to be unfounded gossip. This email is copyright protected by Paul Jakma. By reading this email, you agree to compensate me in the event of any infringement. For details on settling your fee, please contact the copyright author. If you do not agree, please unread and delete this email immediately. Best Regards, Paul Jakma" }, { "body": "Subject: Query about disclaimer placement Dear Paul Jakma, I hope this message finds you well. The advocacy websites we encounter are indeed intriguing, making me ponder over my stance against capital punishment. This month, should I prepend or append the disclaimer statements? It seems they serve more as a legal world's version of mandatory email fashion accessories. Nonetheless, it's Kevin here, reminiscent of George Bernard Shaw's quote, 'A believer is happier than a skeptic; it follows by the same token that a drunken man is happier than a sober one.' The happiness derived from blind faith, however, can be a cheap and dangerous quality. For any information regarding unsubscription from the Irish Linux Users Group social forum, kindly find details below. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, Kevin Lyda's websites make me question my opposition to capitalism. This month, it seems debatable whether to prepend or append disclaimer statements. In reality, they are the legal world's equivalent of mandatory email fashion accessories rather than being legally binding. They should be used sparingly as blanket pre-appending of disclaimers dilutes any legal effectiveness they have. Disclaimers are not binding and have little meaning other than in certain situations where professional reasons may require indicating the standing of an email, such as 'this is not legal advice'. However, this means that disclaimers need to be context-specific. There is precedence under UK law that blanket disclaimers have no standing, and it's the context of the situation that determines the legal effects of an email. For example, see the Norwich Union case. Here are my top tips to help superiors who've fallen for disclaimers: 1. Server side appends break email standards unless always done correctly, which is nearly impossible as then the server has to understand every possible type of client encoding and it does break certain types of encryption that depend on the body being untouched. 2. It contravenes MIME to pre-append non-mimetyped text. Most mailers will work around this and display the mail correctly, but some might not - for example, the message might not be displayed or the disclaimer might not be displayed in the correct place. 3. The correct place for disclaimers is on the client side. This allows the user to select appropriate disclaimers for appropriate context or no disclaimer at all. 4. Blanket appended disclaimers are of dubious legal effectiveness and can often be completely inappropriate. They should be written by an actual lawyer. 5. Many big multinational corporations do not append disclaimers, such as Compaq (deceased) Motorola (I think), Microsoft (I think). Useful links are provided at the bottom of this page. If you can't get a reason to prevail and you have to agree to implementing server side disclaimers, you can still resort to having stationary printed with disclaimers. Also, we might have to play a disclaimer before or after all our telephone calls - wait, that would cause a problem for faxes wouldn't it? Regards, Paul J." }, { "body": "Hello Caolan McNamara, Regarding your question about purchasing books (technical and otherwise) online from Irish or European sellers, I would recommend the following options: 1. Amazon DE (Germany): This offers a wide range of products and deals in Euro. The website address is (http://amazon.de). 2. Amazon FR (France): Similar to the German site, this one also has a good selection and operates in Euro. You can access it at (http://amazon.fr). I hope these recommendations help you find what you're looking for. If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask. Best regards, David O'Callaghan" }, { "body": "Hi Caolan McNamara, I recommend considering online bookstores from Irish or European sellers for both technical and non-technical books. However, I found that the overall cost of books, including delivery charges, VAT, etc., can be cheaper on Amazon UK (amazon.co.uk) compared to Amazon DE (amazon.de) and Amazon FR (amazon.fr). I've attached a comparison for some specific books (C UNleashed, Heathfield et al, Design Patterns Gamma et al, Computer Graphics Principles and Practice Foley et al) to illustrate this point. The total cost on amazon.co.uk was significantly lower even after taking freight into account. Best, David Neary Marseille, France Irish Linux Users Group For unsubscription information, please visit our social page." }, { "body": "Hello David O'Callaghan, Regarding your inquiry about online book purchasing, here are my recommendations for Irish or European sellers: 1. BookDepository - This international online bookstore is based in the UK but ships worldwide at no additional cost. They have a vast selection of books including technical and otherwise, and they accept Euro payments. 2. Wordery - Similar to BookDepository, Wordery is another global bookstore that operates out of the UK. They also offer free worldwide shipping on all orders and have a wide variety of books available in multiple languages. 3. Thalia - Based in Germany, Thalia offers a vast selection of books in German, English, and other languages. They ship internationally and accept Euro payments. 4. Libro.de - A German online bookstore with a large selection of books in many different languages, including technical literature. They also ship internationally and accept Euro payments. For unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users Group social media channels, please visit their official website or send an email to their support team." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , I discovered Micromail in Cork appears to be a promising site for DVDs. Prices are listed in British Pounds, and they offer free shipping. Additionally, they have Buffy season DVDs available at a lower price than Blackstarkevin. As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'A belief is no stronger than its evidence.' However, it seems that a believer is just as happy (if not more so) than a skeptic. Similarly, a drunken man may find more happiness in meatspace than a sober one. The cheap and dangerous quality of credulity, as Shaw put it, still stands. For unsubscription information from the Irish Linux Users Group social forum, please refer to the relevant resources." }, { "body": "Conor Daly has reportedly received a couple of secondhand LCD monitors in Limerick. I would appreciate it if someone could help by going to test purchase and store them for a few weeks, as I won't be able to organise collection due to being away for a bit. This is an off-list request. If you can help, please respond off-list. Conor Daly (Domestic Systems Administrator) - faenorcodie up days users load hobbitoncodie up days user load Irish Linux Users Group - for unsubscription information and list." }, { "body": "Hello Shane, I'm looking to acquire either DOOM I or II for my PC, but unfortunately, I can't access id Software's site due to the restrictive web filtering system in place. Does anyone know where I can buy a copy of DOOM that will run on Linux? The last time I asked in-game, they laughed at me. While I would like to request a swap for Linux software, that wouldn't be ethical or legal. Therefore, I have this purchasing question. For unsubscription information from the Irish Linux Users Group social, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "Hi all, I'm seeking to acquire either DOOM I or II for my PC. Unfortunately, I can't access idSoftware's site due to the restrictive web filtering system in place here. Does anyone know a legitimate online source where I can purchase a copy of DOOM that is compatible with Linux? I previously asked within the gaming community about this, but they seemed unhelpful. I was under the impression that ID Soft actually released a Linux wrapper for the game, though it seems I need to purchase the CDs first and then download the free wrapper. Kae Verens (webmaster of Irish Linux Users Group) suggests checking redhat's older CDs as there was once a copy of DOOM included with them. For information about unsubscribing from this group, please visit our social platform." }, { "body": "Dear IEEE and SLUG, I am writing to clarify our decision regarding the screening of Revolution OS at PM on June. While we have moved the screening off the ILUG list, we are keeping it close enough for those who were initially interested to attend. This is not a complete offlist event as requested, but rather a semi-private showing that aligns with our organization's status as a non-profit private entity. We are authorized for the UC Santa Cruz screening of Revolution OS on June and appreciate IEEE's good faith effort to correct the initial mistake. However, I would kindly ask members of SVLUG to hold off on attending this screening until we can secure a high-quality print of the film at a camera in San Jose. I am currently trying to get Revolution OS booked into a theater in the Bay Area and would prefer that SVLUG's members have an opportunity to see a nice print of the film if my distributor is unable to accommodate this request. If my distributor is unable to book the film, I promise to work with SVLUG to quickly set up a screening for its members as soon as possible. I understand that some members of SLUG may be unhappy about the initial request for an unauthorized screening of Revolution OS. There are several reasons behind my decision, none of which involve wanting to be difficult or anti-open source. One SLUG member questioned why a movie about the open source movement would not be available for open viewings, while another saw similarities with Bill Gates' open letter to hobbyists. However, it is essential to clarify that making Revolution OS myself does not automatically mean I am an open-source advocate or that the film itself should be considered as such. I made Revolution OS because I found the open source movement and free software compelling subjects worth exploring and documenting. I came to admire many aspects of the open source movement, but I do not believe in making my intellectual property freely available without my consent. The explicit copyright notice at the end of the films credits makes this intention clear. I understand that viewing a personal copy of Revolution OS for private use is considered fair use. However, publicly advertising a screening on a university campus and charging admission would constitute an infringement of my intellectual property rights. I hope to release the DVD version of Revolution OS as soon as possible but cannot afford to take on any more debt related to the film. I truly appreciate the enthusiasm for Revolution OS within the open source community, and I am grateful that people want to see it. I understand the desire to support the open source movement by sharing content freely, but I hope you will bear with me as I seek out legal opportunities for all interested persons to view Revolution OS. I apologize for any inconvenience caused and appreciate your understanding. Sincerely, JTS Moore, Director of Revolution OS, Irish Linux Users Group" }, { "body": "Thank you for bringing this matter to my attention. I understand that there was a request to discuss with people about a possible showing of the film 'Revolution OS' at a future date, which may be of interest to ILUG members if they could cover the costs. However, due to other commitments, I will not be able to make this happen myself and hope that the DVD produced won't be region-coded. It seems that the same film 'Revolution OS' is being referred to in the email. The original plan for showing it was moved offlist but close enough, and IEEE and SLUG have been given permission for UC Santa Cruz screening at a later time on June . In light of this, I would request SVLUG members to hold off attending the screening as I am trying to get 'Revolution OS' booked into the Camera in San Jose. If my distributor is unable to book the film into a theater in the Bay Area, I promise to work with SVLUG to quickly set up a screening for its members. I understand that some SLUG members may be unhappy about this, but there are several reasons behind my initial request, none of which have anything to do with me wanting to be uncooperative. Open source and free software were compelling subjects worth exploring and documenting, but it does not mean that the film itself is open-sourced or I should be punished for telling the story by having my intellectual property misappropriated. I appreciate your understanding and patience in this matter." }, { "body": "Your email presents an interesting perspective, however upon further reflection I find myself agreeing that it may not be ideal for governments to dictate software licensing policies. For information on unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users Group social list, you can follow the instructions provided in their communication." }, { "body": "I have approximately a large amount of data that I need to move from one disk to another, but I'm unsure about the best method. The majority of this data consists of images, and most of these images have two directory entries due to a hard link for each file. If I use 'cp', 'find cpio', 'pmd', or other methods I usually prefer, it will copy each file twice which is not my intention. 'dump restore' would handle this issue if the source filesystem wasn't ReiserFS. I am a Linux user in Ireland, and I was wondering if you could suggest an efficient way to copy these files without creating duplicates. Additionally, for those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, here is the information." }, { "body": "Hi Markon, Regarding your question about copying data from one disk to another, it seems that you have a large amount of image files and want to avoid duplicates as most of them have two directory entries (hard links). You mentioned that using cp, find cpio, pmd, or other similar methods would result in unnecessary copies. You're correct that 'dump restore' could handle this issue, but only if the source filesystem wasn't ReiserFS. Unfortunately, I don't have a specific solution for your current setup. However, here are a couple of suggestions for future reference: 1. rsync: This tool is designed to synchronize files and directories from one location to another while minimizing data transfer through its delta-transfer algorithm. It can handle hard links correctly, so it might be helpful in your case. 2. cp -al (or cp --archive): This command copies the file itself along with its attributes and links. In your case, using 'cp -al' should create only one copy of each image file while preserving the hard links. I hope this helps! If you need more information or have any other questions, feel free to ask. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux Users list, please visit our website and follow the instructions provided there." }, { "body": "On Friday, July , Niall O' Broin writes about transferring data from one disk to another. The issue is that the bulk of the data consists of images, and many of these images have two directory entries (hard links). He is concerned that using commands such as cp, find cpio, pmd will result in copying each file twice, which he wishes to avoid. Dump restore would handle this if the source filesystem wasn't ReiserFS. However, Niall suggests that cpio could be a solution as it preserves hard links. If 'i' and 'a' are hardlinked and both are copied, then the copies will also be hardlinked. This is true of all cpio and tar and any other decent usable archival tool in his opinion. He notes that cpio p (at least the gnu cpio version) will only read-write copy the actual data bytes once. If an intermediate archive cpio o file cpio i file is used, the actual data bytes are copied into the archive file under each name, but gnu cpio is smart about this in passthrough mode (p), copying the data just once. Niall assumes that this one-time operation won't be repeated and storage isn't an issue. He is an experienced Unix user and a chorus embedded RTOS kernel internals expert currently seeking a new position or resume. If interested, contact him or visit his website. He also mentions that he strongly opposes Esso due to their disregard for global warming and is supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Hi Niall, I have a large amount of data that needs to be copied from one disk to another. The issue is most of this data are images and many of these images have two directory entries (there is a hard link to each file). If I use 'cp', 'find cpio', 'pmd' or other methods like 'tar restore', it will copy each file twice, which is not desired. 'dump restore' would solve this problem if the source filesystem wasn't ReiserFS. Any suggestions? One possible solution could be using 'destdir tar c sourcedir' followed by 'tar xf'. This method should maintain permissions and links. If done as root, it will also keep the owners. Please note that I haven't tested this yet; you may need other flags as well. Let me know if this works or if you have any other suggestions. Regards, Matthew. P.S. Don't forget to unsubscribe from Yahoo's everything-in-one web page for more information on unsubscribing (for Irish Linux users)." }, { "body": "Recently, there has been a discussion on the ILUG IRC channel about OSI and protocol layers. This conversation reminded me of a poster produced by Wandel & Goltermann Manufacturers of fine protocol decoders and testers, which excellently illustrates this concept. The poster is in the form of a PDF file, and it's best appreciated if you have access to an HP Designjet or similar device. Unfortunately, Wandel & Goltermann has been acquired by Acterna, and I couldn't find the poster there. However, it's available at this link: . Some of you may find it interesting. At the top of the poster, you are referred to , but now it is redirected to the aforementioned Acterna. For Irish Linux users, there is unsubscription information listed." }, { "body": "This software is a flexible client-server architecture primarily designed for gathering and displaying server statistics, with an emphasis on monitoring servers. It's written in PHP and Bash shell script, utilizing rrdtool for stats logging and PostgreSQL (soon to support MySQL as well) for the server-side database. I managed to get it up and running within a few hours, the most challenging part being the reacquaintance with PostgreSQL since it's been some time since I last used it. I did encounter issues getting it to work on certain boxes, but have documented the necessary changes. The web interface is basic yet functional, and includes a straightforward method for distributing monitoring scripts which might be vulnerable. However, let's not delve into that matter now. The generated graphs are quite impressive. For those interested in unsubscribing, kindly find the information below." }, { "body": "Hi Shane, I wasn't sure if the ILUG IRC server is active or not. If it is, the channel for ILUG can be found there. Recently, there has been some discussion on the ILUG IRC channel about OSI and protocol layers. This reminded me of a poster produced by Wandel & Goltermann Manufacturers of Fine Protocol Decoders and Testers which illustrates this concept admirably. The poster is in the form of a PDF file and is best appreciated if you have access to an HP Designjet or similar device. Unfortunately, Wandel & Goltermann has been taken over by Acterna and I could not find the poster there. However, it is available at . Some of you might find it interesting. The top of the poster refers you to for a more up-to-date online copy of the poster. However, now this link is redirected to the aforementioned Acterna. If you wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, please follow the instructions provided below." }, { "body": "Dear Matthew, Niall, I have approximately some data that needs to be copied from one disk to another. However, a significant portion of the data has two directory entries (a hard link). I'm proposing a method where we can navigate to the destination directory, create an archive of the source directory with 'tar c sourcedir', compress it into a pipe using 'cf tar cf' and then extract it at the destination with 'tar xf tar cf'. This should maintain permissions, links, and ownerships (if done as root). This method has not been tested yet, but it should work. However, please note that the data will be read and written twice by the source tar and read twice by the sink tar, although only written once as the sink realizes the second copy is a hard link to the first. The reason archives always contain data for each name of a hard link is probably due to several reasons, such as providing redundancy to deal with bad media. While this might add to the time and CPU resources consumed, it doesn't impact storage in this case since the full archive isn't saved. If you encounter any issues or need further assistance, feel free to reach out. You can also visit my website for more information. P.S., Please note that I am currently looking for a new position or updating my resume. Also, I would like to bring your attention to the fact that I support various environmental organizations such as Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth, and I strongly advise against buying Esso as they seem indifferent towards global warming. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hello, I wasn't certain if the IRC server for ILUG (Irish Linux Users Group) has been set up. If it has, could you please tell me which server it is on? The one I recall is irclinux.ie/Steve but it seems to be 'the pigeon of love'. For unsubscription information, kindly let me know." }, { "body": "Brian, regarding your question about data handling with tar files, it will indeed be read and written twice by the source tar, as well as read twice by the sink tar. However, only one write operation is performed since the sink recognizes the second copy as a hard link to the first. You mentioned that you automatically assume soft links when considering links, but it seems hard links are being discussed here, despite evidence to the contrary. I'm curious if there is any real benefit to using hard links, as I personally avoid them and cannot think of a good reason for their use at the moment. On another note, Matthew, Yahoo offers a wide range of services from news and sports to email and music charts. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "Dear Matthew French, I hope this email finds you well. I wanted to check if there is any significant advantage to employing hard links? Currently, I tend to steer clear of them and can't think of a compelling reason to use them at the moment. In your current scenario, it appears that hard links are being utilized to offer two distinct namespaces for the same set of files. For the sake of all Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from this list, the necessary information is provided below. Best regards," }, { "body": "As several individuals have pointed out, this task is not straightforward and requires a certain level of intelligence. I attempted to override the existing sources using CVS, but encountered an issue as CVS complained about file conflicts. I initially believed that I only needed the 'dri' stuff, which took approximately hours to acquire; however, I soon realized that I still require the CVS content as well. This additional step will take nearly as long. Once I have the necessary CVS and 'dri' CVS material, I can begin testing the patches for my card. I only hope that my system won't be compromised during this process. Given the extensive build processes I've been engaged in this week - a Pentium MMX box took an entire day to assemble, followed by days each for qtlibs and kdelibs (kdebase took just under 6 hours), I am hesitant to start building now. The rest of the KDE build should take incremental hours. I have received criticism from my wife for the computer running continuously this week. I will postpone starting the build until tomorrow. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "In July, hard links offer numerous advantages for a variety of reasons; however, this email lacks sufficient space to detail them. In this specific case, hard links are being used to separate two distinct namespaces for the same set of files. Soft links could achieve the same goal, but hard links seem to be preferred. Currently, I'm finding it challenging to think of a practical use of hard links, and I'm a bit stumped. There must be some obvious benefit that I'm overlooking. As for other news, our miniblimp unfortunately blew away, causing inconvenience to Irish Linux users. For unsubscription information, please refer to the list provided." }, { "body": "Ronan Waide responded: Indeed, soft links can perform the same task. I'm currently struggling to think of a practical use for hard links. There must be some advantage that I'm missing which is immediately obvious to everyone using Niall's example (single set of files). Suppose that you want to delete some items from the set according to rules applied to the namespaces with soft links, you need an extra namespace that the others refer to. After filtering the namespaces, you have to perform a manual reference count to decide what goes and what stays. On the other hand, with hard links, you simply unlink and deletion is automatic. If you're an Irish Linux user and want to unsubscribe from this list, you can find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Dear Brian Foster, I apologize for the confusion in my previous email regarding archives and hard links. The error was due to my mix-up between tars and cpios. To clarify, archives do not replicate data for hard links. For your information, gnu cpio p does not perform spurious reads or writes, while both gnu tar cf and tar xf read and write the data. This might cause twice the I/O of cpio p, but it is not thrice as I previously stated. I have verified my claim about gnu cpio p. I hope this clears up any confusion caused by my earlier message. I appreciate your understanding as I returned from the pub and suggest taking this information with extra skepticism. If you are looking for a new position or would like to send me your resume, please feel free to contact me or visit my website. In other news, I am a chorus embedded RTOS kernel internals expert based in Dublin, Ireland. I am also an advocate against global warming, supported by Greenpeace and numerous others, including Irish Linux Users. For unsubscription information, please see the list provided below. Cheers!" }, { "body": "Dear Ronan Waide, I hope this email finds you well. I'm writing to discuss the use of hard and soft links in file systems. While both methods serve similar purposes in providing multiple names for the same set of files, the advantage of using hard links seems a bit elusive at the moment. However, I recall DMR mentioning that while both types have their individual merits, having both in a single system does not necessarily provide added value. One notable difference is that data always exists and is readily accessible for hard links; there's no such thing as a broken link. I sometimes utilize this feature to save data using the method of hardlinking to a temporary file, preserving the subsequent deletion of the temporary file does not result in loss of data. In the spirit of continuous learning, I would appreciate it if you could suggest any obvious benefits of hard links that I might be overlooking. I'm also reaching out as a Unix expert with extensive experience in kernel internals, particularly in embedded RTOS kernel, currently seeking new opportunities or interested in reviewing my resume. If you have any leads or would like to discuss further, please don't hesitate to contact me directly or visit my website. I wanted to share that I strongly support the fight against climate change and have been a supporter of Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux User groups. For unsubscription information, please see below. Best regards, " }, { "body": "I am seeking clarification or guidance regarding a situation I find myself in. I have developed a piece of code using PHP, which as far as I know is under the GPL license. This code runs on my server and is an essential part of a system I created for a client. I did not receive payment for this specific piece of code but was paid for the complete system. Now, the client wants to use a different service provider but keep my code. My question is: Do I have the right to claim intellectual property rights for this unpaid piece of code or do I need to provide it to the client under the GPL? This is not strictly a Linux issue, but any help would be appreciated." }, { "body": "Dear Brian Foster, I occasionally save data using the well-known hardlinking attack by linking files to a temporary file that I wish to preserve. To avoid losing the data when the temporary file is deleted, I create and use a Unix version of the 'deleted items' folder located in the root of the hard drive. Here's what I do: create a directory named 'unwanted'. Periodically, I create hard links to every file on the hard drive that doesn't already have one, ensuring that there is a link under 'unwanted'. A script can then periodically clear out old files to ensure there is usually enough disk space. However, it's important to note that this method may be considered a hack and could potentially cause issues. It would undoubtedly be much better to have a transaction-oriented file system with a rollback facility. Best regards, Matthew P.S. Everything you need on Yahoo is now available on one web page, including news, sports, email, and music charts. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please click here." }, { "body": "I've been running KDEbase continuously for almost six hours this week, which has caused some inconvenience at home with my wife. However, I want to inform the rest of the team that keeping the computer always on reduces the chances of hardware failure and consequently, repair costs. Although there is an increase in electricity consumption, it balances out as the computer maintenance savings outweigh the additional cost." }, {"body": "For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please refer to the following link:"} , { "body": "Dear Matthew French, Here is a UNIX version of the 'deleted items' folder. I'm wondering if I'm the only one who finds this reminiscent of Friday nights at ILUG? For those who might have picked up on it, you'll notice that it makes no reference to Windows icons. On a more serious note, I was thinking about unrm, but as people have been discussing it for nearly years, and that's just what I bothered to look up. Think about it - since BSD was freed from ATT and then forked in four different directions, GCC, Linux, Mozilla, Gnome, KDE, and almost every bit of the GNU project including shfileutils have been written. Have the developers of gnu shfileutils ever met an option they didn't implement if they could? Even boolean true and false take arguments. So yeah, unrm would be nice, but obviously, it's not a simple problem - millions of lines of code, hundreds of projects, no unrm. Heck, the Hurd will probably release before unrm shows up! (Kevin spinning the oldies all night long) The happiness of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality. GBS Shaw once said, 'An Irishman in meatspace is happier than a sober one.' The joy of a believer over a skeptic is no more forked on the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier in meatspace. For unsubscription information, please refer to..." }, { "body": "Regarding your inquiry, I understand that you have developed a piece of PHP code under GPL license and are concerned about its intellectual property rights. The Solarflare system, which includes Binsh, has a restrictive license but does not claim ownership over every shell script written by Solaris admins worldwide. Since the code runs on your server as an integral part of a system you developed for a client, you didn't get paid for this specific piece of code, but were compensated for the complete system. Now, your client wishes to switch service providers while keeping your code. In this situation, it is unlikely that you can claim intellectual property rights for the uncompensated code. However, since the client has already agreed to use the complete system and paid for it, they may not have an automatic right to the specific piece of PHP code unless it was explicitly stated in the agreement. It would be advisable to consult a legal professional to better understand your rights and potential implications. I'm afraid it seems unlikely that litigation would yield significant returns, as the costs could outweigh the potential gains." }, { "body": "On Friday, Jul , Ronan Waide agreed, but soft links would suffice in this case. To be honest, I'm struggling to think of a practical use for hard links at the moment, and I'm a bit stumped. However, I'm sure there must be some benefit that I'm missing that everyone else seems to find immediately obvious. Hard links enable a single message to be stored per file, and the 'refile' command allows you to move a message from one folder to another or link it to another folder. This would be problematic if it used soft links instead, as deleting the actual file could result in losing the linked messages. For those interested in unsubscribing, please find the relevant information for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "On Thursday, July 29th, I am suggesting Ray Kelly one basic option that I know of - Squidalyser. While it may not perform all the functions you require, I have found it useful in various aspects myself. Notably, it doesn't filter out objects that have been downloaded, but if your cache is optimized and you have sufficient disk space, you can store some rather large objects in there. This information is for ILUG (Irish Linux Users Group) members regarding unsubscription details." }, { "body": "On Monday, July, Kevin was asked about the use of Lex and Yacc in a context where Justin McCarthy has never had to deal with large networks himself. While I'm not well-versed on this topic, it appears that Lex and Yacc are language parsers used for creating compilers, interpreters, etc., and they could potentially be used to write a program converting between desired config files (like bingcom mail arse smeg twitter) and tedious bind configs. The individual may also aim to auto-generate a reverse DNS config file while doing so. I personally think this is quite complex and would suggest something simpler like Sed or Awk for such tasks. However, it seems that the person using Lex and Yacc finds them capable of making baby Jesus cry. If you're an Irish Linux user and wish to unsubscribe, please find the appropriate information in the list." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I have a friend who is encountering an issue with installing Red Hat on a Dell Inspiron laptop equipped with a Pentium processor and an Nvidia Geforce II graphics card. The installation goes smoothly until the Xwindows setup, where the graphics card is detected but not the monitor. He has tried various LCD laptop display monitors, but none seem to work. When he tests a specific monitor, the screen doesn't revert to the clear picture he is used to, but remains fuzzy and flashy, making it impossible to test another monitor type. Rebooting allows him to run in text mode where he attempts to configure x again with xconfigurator, but he encounters the same problem. This is very annoying. Richard Eibrand, School of Computing, Dublin Institute of Technology, Kevin Street, Dublin, Ireland, Mobile: , Email: For unsubscription information, please refer to the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "It appears that certain systems have been limiting soft links to the same device, only to relinquish this limitation after some time. To ensure consistency with hard links, which is a common practice in POSIX systems, might seem like a reasonable approach; however, it could potentially make every platform equally problematic rather than seeking improvement. In the real world, not everything can be perfect. Unfortunately, in this specific case, some things may fall short of expectations. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please provide your details." }, { "body": "I've upgraded from RHEL to RHES over the weekend and now my network card seems to have stopped working. When I check the network configuration tool, it indicates that the card is inactive. I've tried to activate it, but the operation fails. I can't seem to find any relevant software online for this issue. Do you have any suggestions? Thanks!" }, { "body": "Dear Ronan Wade, Upon reviewing the patent, it appears to outline an image compression algorithm that bears a resemblance to JPEG, although I'm not entirely clear on how JPEG functions as it involves complex mathematics which I, being a mere computer engineer, find challenging. The patent seems to describe a block-based DCT with quantization, which is one of the oldest image compression algorithms and predates many others. However, I am highly skeptical about their claimed innovation given my limited understanding of how it aligns with JPEG. I'm more curious as to whether this patent encompasses MPEG, given its context within video streams rather than still images. There seems to be a suggestion that the referenced patents might pertain to MPEG. If MPEG and JPEG compression techniques are indeed similar, this could potentially be relevant. I would appreciate it if you could shed some light on this matter. Also, I recall MPEG predating JPEG, but I'm uncertain about the specifics. The patent expires next year, and given that they have seemingly failed to protect their IP for years, I doubt their claim would hold up in court. Best regards, David Neary Marseille, France" }, { "body": "On Friday, July , Kevin Lyda, Regarding your query about the number of JPEG rendering creating apps that Microsoft has distributed to their customers since PAH (Microsoft's acquisition of these apps), I believe they have been acquired and I am certain they would be pleased with this scenario. Since you have already set up the TDMA thing, here's an idea - do you think spammers or the software they use are smart enough to manipulate email addresses? It's an old trick, so I don't see why they wouldn't. Personally, I rarely receive spam to any of the Plus-version email addresses that I have given out; I think I've only ever gotten one due to eBay selling my address. Apart from that, never - not even to Usenet. So, I wonder whether harvesting software does the above. Regards, Paul Jakmakey ps - The Master has gone three days without programming; life becomes meaningless. Geoffrey James - The Tao of Programming Irish Linux users for unsubscription information" }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears you have a setup with a small network consisting of VMware client workstations, each running a local copy of Samba. Your goal is to allow these workstations to authenticate against an NIS server that also runs Samba, while synchronizing passwords between the NIS domain and the NIS server's Samba with minimal manual intervention. I understand you have read through the Samba documentation but haven't delved into details about domain controllers. Here is a general outline of how you can set this up: 1. Install and configure an NIS (Yellowpages) server on your Linux machine running Samba. 2. Set up your VMware clients to use the NIS server for name service lookup. 3. Configure your Samba server to act as an NIS client, allowing it to authenticate against the NIS server and access the NIS domain's resources. 4. Enable PAM modules for Samba on both the Samba server and clients to ensure password synchronization. 5. Adjust the Samba configuration files on both the Samba server and clients to reflect this setup. Please note that this is a high-level overview, and you may need to refer to the Samba documentation for specific details and steps. I would also recommend testing each stage thoroughly before moving on to the next to avoid any issues. Hope this helps! If you have any further questions or require more detailed instructions, please don't hesitate to ask. Regards, The Linux User Support Team" }, { "body": "Hi John, I hope this email finds you well. I have a few questions regarding some of our hardware and libraries. Firstly, I was wondering if it would be beneficial to rebuild C and other libraries on July 30th to take advantage of Pentium and MMX instructions for improved system performance? Would this also require rebuilding GCC and glibc as well? On a related note, I mentioned earlier that I'm still seeking a PIII processor for my regular system. My motherboard can accommodate PIIIs, and I recently obtained one. If I could find another, I could place two PIIIs in this box and recompile X to leverage the SSE/Katmai instructions. However, I don't think it's worth replacing two PIIIs with a single PIII. I know they are currently out of stock, but I keep an eye on BuyNell regularly. In the meantime, I've had little luck in finding another PIII system. I also wanted to mention that ebay can be frustrating because many sellers state they will only ship within the U.S., but if you ask politely, they often will ship internationally for payment via PayPal or a U.S. dollar bank draft. I've managed to source various hardware pieces this way, such as a rackmount kit for my DEC server terminal server which I had been searching for for ages. Lastly, if you are an Irish Linux user and wish to unsubscribe from this list, please find the relevant information below. Best regards," }, { "body": "Has anyone successfully utilized a fat undelete program on Linux, preferably something similar to Norton Disk Tools or even a simpler version? A program that closely resembles the MS-DOS Undelete program would be ideal. If you are an Irish Linux user seeking unsubscription information, please provide it here." }, { "body": "I previously posted about using iptables with the kernel, when I ran nmap against the IP ID sequence generation was all zeros. Some suggested this is indicative of older kernels but has been fixed since version 3.10. However, I am running the latest kernel and still experiencing this issue. In a test run, using nmap against a kernel with chains resulted in better results than the stock kernel. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, kindly find it below." }, { "body": "Regarding file handles for Reisers on July, they appear to be hashes, I'm not sure if symlinks can be created. However, only hard links are possible and these get cleaned up by Scandisk automatically. Shortcuts in Windows are similar to symlinks but do not function outside the Windows environment. Therefore, they are a feature of the OS rather than the file system. If you find it difficult to maintain this situation, I suggest being truthful about it and moving on. For Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please refer to the guidelines for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Dear Kevin Lyda, I understand this is not strictly a Linux issue, but any assistance would be greatly appreciated. Microsoft has tried to make this an issue for Linux by implying that any company using GPL software must make everything they own public. It seems illogical to me that such a statement from Microsoft could be true, but their marketing budget is significantly larger than ours or many Irish Linux users. They have been spreading fear, uncertainty and doubt (FUD) about the viral nature of the GPL, making CEO/CIO level people, who are not always technically inclined, fearful that if they use a Linux box, even as a print server, they will have to make their company's entire IP public. While Microsoft did not say exactly what I just stated, that was the essence of their remarks. If you wish to unsubscribe from our updates, please let me know." }, { "body": "On Friday, July  (date ), Brian Foster stated that he appreciates the classic techniques but there is no way to reverse accidental overwrites. This reminds me of the snapshot facility on Network Appliance File Servers and various versioning filesystems throughout the years, some of which disappeared. I believe FreeBSD has this functionality built-in in their Linux boxes. If you're looking at me to be an accountant, you may look but you will never see. If you're looking at me to start a family, your wishes can remain unfulfilled as I am not here to entertain such thoughts. Regarding Belle Sebastian's family tree and Irish Linux users for unsubscription information, please refer to the appropriate list." }, { "body": "It's rumored around here that John Gay Xanim can play certain albums correctly, but unfortunately, Xanim does not have any position control. This means you have to listen to the album from start to finish. I'd like to split up the tracks and convert them for use with XMMS, however, I'm unsure of the tools that could handle these strange compressed WAVs that only Xanim seems to recognize. I like the albums, but I'm not sure if they can be handled by these. MXV or Mixviews has many configurable options and its main purpose is to edit WAV files. I've used it before to split up tapes into individual songs. Although I don't have a specific URL, the author is Conor Daly (domestic sysadmin : faenorcodie). For unsubscription information, you can reach out to hobbitoncodie or irish linux users. If you need more details, feel free to ask." }, { "body": "Subject: Observations on Sony's Recent Patent - JPEG and MPEG Rendering Apps Dear Sir/Madam, I recently came across Sony's patent that has generated over 500 comments. It seems amusing to speculate who they will target next. In the meantime, I'd like to bring your attention to PNGs since it appears the patent describes an image compression algorithm that, while not perfectly aligning with JPEG, may have some similarities. Since my understanding of how JPEG works is limited (being a computer engineering novice), I can't fully grasp how this algorithm matches up to JPEG. However, I am more curious if it covers MPEG as the patent seems to be described in the context of video streams rather than stills. I vaguely recall that MPEG and JPEG compression techniques are somewhat similar. One of the patents it references also appears to hint at MPEG use, which is intriguing. By the way, do you have any information on how many JPEG rendering/creating apps Microsoft has distributed to its customers since Kevin? Sincerely, L Fitzgerald Sjoberg (Irish Linux Users for Unsubscription Information)" }, { "body": "Dear Paul Oneil, I believe I recall that the IPID being zero was implemented to ensure proper behavior, specifically in instances where it is not required, it is set to zero. This was a topic discussed on bugtraq some time ago. The author of nmap shared his thoughts on this subject. To summarize, the only impact seems to be an additional criteria for OS fingerprinting, which isn't a significant concern in itself. I understand your curiosity about the issue, but there doesn't appear to be a need for further worry regarding it. : Cheers, JR Original Message: Paul Oneil, Monday July pm, I posted nmap results previously concerning the kernel using iptables. When I ran nmap against the IPID sequence generation, all zeros were observed. Someone suggested this could indicate earlier kernels but is fixed from version since I'm running the latest. What could be causing this issue? I achieved better results when I used nmap against a kernel with chains instead of the stock kernel. For information regarding unsubscribing from the irish linux users list, please visit their website. Best Regards, Your Name" }, { "body": "On Friday, July at Niall O' Broin, I understand that this may not be a strictly Linux issue, but any assistance would be greatly appreciated. Microsoft seems to have made this a Linux issue by implying that any company using GPL software must make everything it owns public. It is true that the nice man from Microsoft wouldn't lie, would he? But that's just stupid. Microsoft software covers only a subset of applications that are under the GPL. There are GPL word processors (e.g., Microsoft Word), there are various language compilers and interpreters under the GPL, and Microsoft has its visual compilers and so on. Similar to the GPL apps, the Microsoft apps are distributed under a license that states many things, and there are various licenses used by Microsoft. In essence, they all mean you cannot copy, distribute, or modify their software, nor can you sell it multiple times. Does anyone think this applies to Microsoft Word documents or Visual Code? As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'A believer is no more to be counted on than a drunken man in a brothel.' Credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality. For information regarding unsubscription, please visit our website." }, { "body": "Hi Paul Jakma, I've set up the TDMA system as discussed. Here's an idea: have you ever considered if spammers or their software might be intelligent enough to bypass email filters using techniques like your current setup? The address that appears as the sender in my emails is active for five days, after which a confirmation message from the sender is required. My regular email address also requires a confirmation if I haven't explicitly given permission. However, spammers could potentially set up a system to respond to these confirmation messages. This would require them to provide a valid email address in their 'From' headers and consume more bandwidth, thus costing them more money. Another point is that they can't forge confirmation messages because the confirmation message system works by assigning an ID to each pending message, which is encrypted and used to create the 'From' address of the outgoing confirm email. Only a message to that specific address will work to free the message from the queue. This was discussed on Kevin. As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'Belief is a more reliable guide to conduct than the diligent search for truth.' Irish Linux users can unsubscribe for information." }, { "body": "Hello John, You've been experimenting with an old Dell and have successfully installed a minimal Debian system for compiling programs. You've also built a custom kernel, rebuilt from sources to take advantage of the MMX processor, and are considering rebuilding X and KDE for improved performance due to their use of matrixes and potential MMX optimizations. You've also been encouraged to work with the CVS of both X and DRI. Once you've worked out any bugs, you plan to rebuild X again. Regarding other tools that could benefit from being rebuilt for even more system performance improvements, it's worth considering rebuilding C libraries like Glibc or the MMX-optimized GCC. However, not all packages will benefit from being built on a Pentium MMX; it's important to keep in mind that Debian compiles most software to be compatible with a wide range of processors. On a related note, you mentioned before your search for a Slot PIII for your system. Since your motherboard can accommodate PIIIs, you were fortunate enough to get one. If you could obtain another, you could install two PIIIs in the box and recompile X to utilize the SSE Katmai instructions. Although you've found that PIIIs are currently out of stock, continue monitoring buy-and-sell websites for potential deals. Wishing you the best of luck with your experiments, The Linux Team" }, { "body": "On Sunday, July , Paul Jakma wrote: It appears you're suggesting that MV uses renaming which replaces the new path, yes, yes, I agree. However, your superlinks don't work in this case, correct? But why wouldn't they? My previous message was discussing a hypothetical symlink pointing to a device ID and the inode of the file. I provided two examples to illustrate why it wouldn't work: ln ss foo bar; ls i foo foo rm foo touch floyd; ls i floyd floyd. Is this an example of inode reuse? Or do you mean that somehow floyd is now the new foo, and that bar now points to floyd? I apologize for failing to mention earlier that floyd might not use the inode but may do so, and that was my point. Having these mythical symlinks point to the device inode is not straightforward, just like the 'unrm' thing - it might be possible, but hard links and soft links are the best implementations that have survived on Unix systems thus far. Windows shortcuts are somewhat peculiar; they're more of an application-level thing. Mac aliases seem to blend the concept of Unix symlinks (linking by filename) with the idea of device inode. I don't know the specifics about Mac internals, but I was told it attempts the former first and then the latter. I'm not sure how it would handle your example, though. Regarding your question about symlinks magically linking to new files, I believe it would be challenging to implement. It would also fail in numerous situations. Kevin, a believer, is no more convinced by your argument than a skeptic is influenced by the happiness of credulity, a cheap and dangerous quality. For unsubscription information, please refer to the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "Hello Conor, Please use the GUI and avoid deleting files. Instead, utilize the 'Trash' or similar option. I believe there is a symbolic link from '/mnt/public/mnt/public/downloads/linux_wastecpuseti@home' to '@home/cwynnesetit'. The '/mnt/pubseti' directory resides on an external RAID volume, while '@home/cwynnesetit' is on the internal drive. Since I don't need to navigate around the file system (GAF), it seems that this would be considered across different devices if you are wondering. However, probably not. The reason for the duplicate 'mnt/public' directory is because I restored from a tape backup and didn't know it keeps the directory structure. Now that I know, here are my thoughts on how to fix this quickly and easily: initially moving the structure to '/tmp', then copying it back seems like a solution. However, I'm sure some clever mind might have a quicker solution. I came across an interesting variation of the classic technique of redefining 'rm' to move files into trash or with a prefix/suffix. These classical techniques only provide a means to roll back accidental 'rms', but there is still a risk of data loss as there are other ways of deleting files. The hard link idea doesn't address the issue of accidental overwrites, which reminds me of snapshot facilities on network appliance file servers and various versioning filesystems that have appeared and vanished over the years. One major concern is some files should not have any hard links; for example, RCS v/CVS/SCCS files are like this, as these toolsets complain if there are hard links present. Best Regards, Unix/Brian Foster, Dublin, Ireland - Chorus Embedded RTOS Kernel Internals Expert Looking for a new position or a resume. Contact me or see my website. Don't buy ESSO; they don't care about global warming supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous others Irish Linux Users - For unsubscription information" }, { "body": "Regarding your discussion on soft links and hard links, here's my understanding based on your email: Soft links were invented because directories couldn't be hard linked at the time of their introduction, although hard linking of directories was possible in earlier systems. This restriction was due to potential issues with infinite loops in the kernel, which is generally a bad scenario. However, many Unix systems I have used don't allow hard links for directories or restrict them to root users. Over time, some systems limited soft links to the same device but eventually gave up on this consistency with hard links. Now, soft links behave similarly to hard links, but they break upon deletion or moving and may consume slightly more disk space. A better approach might be to implement global unique filesystem identifiers for every created filesystem to minimize clashes. Additionally, the target information for a soft link could be represented as a filesystem identifier (fsid) and inode pair, allowing the operating system to determine if the linked item is now on a different mount point or has been moved. This approach seems to be what's done in some systems, but it's unclear whether aliases are implemented differently. Let's call these 'supersoftlinks'. For example: ln ss foo bar, then ls i foo shows foo, and moving foo to floyd (foo mv floyd) results in bar no longer pointing to foo (bar no longer points to footrue), but removing floyd preserves it. The filesystem would need to maintain a table of links going the other direction for this system to work effectively. This approach doesn't handle network file systems (NFS) or filesystems with dynamic inodes, such as FAT and Reiser. I believe." }, { "body": "I believe The Beatles would not be pleased with Microserfs for exploiting their intellectual property. I've made a plan to reach out to them and request they cease these activities. As for the Windows CD, I'm unsure if you have a reference for it, but I've developed quite a rapport with their complaints department; it's surprising what one can say to them and get away with it. The CD, supposedly, contains every Beatles album ever released in the UK including the Christmas and BBC special albums, all on a single ordinary CD. This CD also comes with a special Windows app for playing the collection. Upon inspecting the CD's contents, as I don't use Windows, the albums appear to be plain wav files, each album in its own wav file. However, ATUN crashes on some of the larger ones and plays others rapidly and noisily. WAVE refuses to recognize them entirely, while WAVP makes an ungodly noise. XANIM can play them correctly, although unfortunately, it doesn't have any position control, so you must listen to the album from start to finish. The files contain this information: 'data wave audio microsoft adpcm stereo hz ls l'. I wish to split up the tracks and convert them for use with XMMS, but I'm uncertain about the tools that could handle these strange compressed wavs that only XANIM seems to recognize. I enjoy the albums, but prefer to be able to select tracks to play rather than entire albums, and listen to all my music with one app. I know XMMS has a WAV plugin, but it doesn't recognize these either. Any assistance you can provide will be greatly appreciated. Cheers" }, { "body": "Kevin, it appears that you are under the impression that this situation is similar to a Friday night for ILUG. For those who might be perceptive enough to understand, your email does not reference Windows Icons, implying that unrm could potentially be beneficial, although it's clear that this isn't a straightforward issue given the vast amount of code and projects involved (millions of lines, hundreds in number). To put it simply, unrm might not be on the horizon. In fact, Hurd may release before unrm even makes an appearance. This suggests that new ideas or solutions to existing problems often remain unexplored until someone becomes frustrated enough to take action, rather than finding complex workarounds. Therefore, it seems like there will be no progress on unrm for a considerable period of time from my end. Matthew, if you use Yahoo, you can find virtually everything you need in one web page - news, sports, email, music charts, among others. For those Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, the necessary information is available." }, { "body": "Dear John P Looney, It seems that you are expressing some reservations about POSIX (Portable Operating System Interface for Unix) and its implementation. In essence, your points revolve around the fact that POSIX is a de facto specification for a minimal voluntary implementation, encouraging software transportability. However, it's not mandatory to implement or be restricted by POSIX. Commercial considerations may encourage some POSIX compatibility, but this is a free choice. You mention that the process has weaknesses, particularly in its reluctance to solicit proposals, research, or consider uncommon or unsponsored implementations, even when they are manifestly superior. You suggest that this is why we have POSIX and not something else like EG or Inferno. However, you also acknowledge that the motivating force behind POSIX could be seen as a strength because in the real world, there are things that just can't work perfectly. You further mention that before POSIX, the world of Unix arguably had problems with ease of software porting, but that porting software was easier with POSIX, despite some issues with system incompatibilities and assumptions about byte orientation or endianness. Finally, you mention your professional background as an experienced Unix and embedded RTOS kernel internals expert, looking for a new position or a resume. You provide your contact information and website, and warn against buying ESSO due to their disregard for global warming, supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux users for unsubscription information. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Stephen Shirley, I've managed to make one program act on the output of another, but I was wondering if there's a way to do this without using a FIFO. I suspect it might be possible using exec exec, but I couldn't figure out the right incantation. If, when the line is executed, file descriptor fdesc is open for both read and write (rw), I imagine a socket or something similar could work, but I'm not sure why one would go to such trouble. It seems that fdesc, when the line executes, might be the stdout of the script itself, which means if it happens to be open for rw, it would be writing to the screen while reading from the keyboard (the poor human user is expected to manually echo back to the computer what it prints). The FIFO solution works fine for me, and I've used variations of this approach to extend the Korn shell language by providing a coprocessing interpreter. However, this isn't exactly a shell scripting problem per se. I'm looking for suggestions on how to achieve this without using a FIFO. If you have any ideas, please let me know. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hi Kevin, In the past, when managing large domains, I've utilized a tool called dnstool. I customized this tool to use a mix of OpenSSH and Sudo for remote commands, file transfers, etc. This might be what you're looking for, but it could also be something different that you're considering. I'm assuming you're thinking about creating a tool for the maintenance of domains with around a hundred computers per domain (some internal, some external). Recently, I learned Lex and Yacc, and I think they could be useful in this context. However, I'm not proficient in Perl, and while I know it's beneficial, I believe I can write C faster than Perl. Is this a good idea? P.S., we're quite busy right now, so I'm not qualified to answer this question definitively. If anyone with real admin experience has any suggestions, they would be greatly appreciated. The problem seems quite complex, and I doubt there are existing tools written for this level of complexity. Does anyone have any opinions or experiences they could pass on to me, Kevin? Regards, Andrew Barnes" }, { "body": "Hi there, I've come across some intriguing WAV files that a friend shared with me. They contain every Beatles album ever released in the UK, including the Christmas and BBC special albums, all on a single CD. The CD also includes a Windows app for playing this collection. Upon examining the contents of the CD, I found that the albums appeared to be plain WAV files, each album in its own WAV file. However, when I tried to play these files using programs like Audacity, WavePad, and VLC, they either crashed or played the files incorrectly. The only program that can play them correctly is xanim, but it lacks position control, making it inconvenient to listen to specific tracks. The WAV files have a little-endian data wave audio (Microsoft ADPCM stereo) format with a sample rate of hz and bits per sample of l. The file I'm referring to is the Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band album, but it seems the tracks are not in stereo. I'd like to split up the tracks and convert them for use with XMMS, but I'm unsure of what tools could handle these strange compressed WAV files that only xanim seems to recognize. I know XMMS has a WAV plugin, but it doesn't recognize these either. Any help or suggestions would be greatly appreciated. Thanks! Regards, John Gay (for unsubscription information, refer to the list below)" }, { "body": "Dear Conor Daly, It's rumored that Niall O Broin showcases his work admirably, the poster being in a PDF format. It's best appreciated if one has access to an HP Designjet. Regarding HP Designjets, have any of you managed to use the full width of the paper? While the driver indicates that it can take a wide roll, it only prints in portrait mode unfortunately, resulting in a page with an unused strip down one side. I'd like to be able to print or adjust this but I don't seem to be able to do so. Do you have any thoughts on this matter? Best, Faenorcodie" }, { "body": "Dear Matthew French, Here's an idea for a UNIX version of the deleted items folder. Instead of creating it in the root of a hard drive, let's create a directory named 'unwanted'. Periodically, create hard links to every file on the hard drive that doesn't already have hard links. This way, if someone accidentally deletes a file using 'rm' or any other command, there will still be a link in the 'unwanted' directory. This is an interesting variation on the classic technique of redefining 'rm' to move files into trash or with a prefix/suffix. The possibilities for such variations are endless. However, like the classic techniques, this method does not provide a means to roll back accidental overwrites. This reminds me of snapshot facilities on network appliance file servers and various versioning filesystems that have appeared and then disappeared over the years. One important caveat is that some files should not have any hard links. RCS, CVS, and SCCS files, for example, are not supposed to have hard links. The rcscvssccs toolsets will complain if there are hard links. Cheers, , Very Experienced UNIX and Brian Foster, Dublin, Ireland (Chorus Embedded RTOS Kernel Internals Expert). I am currently looking for a new position or for my resume. You can contact me directly or visit my website. Note: Please do not buy Esso as they show little concern for global warming. Supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux Users for unsubscription information please see below. Regards," }, { "body": "Good morning everyone, I fought a long battle last night to write a shell script for a specific task. After hours of struggle, I am glad to inform you that I have emerged victorious! The problem was how to act on the output of two programs instead of one, which turned out to be solved by using mkfifo io io. As I had a sneaking suspicion, it may be possible to do this without using a fifo and with something like exec exec, but that doesn't work in that form. I couldn't figure out an incantation that would work. If anyone has any suggestions, I'd love to hear them! Incidentally, the goal of all this was to write a shell script that can check for new mail on an IMAP server. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, you can find it here." }, { "body": "Regarding your discussion on Friday, Ronan Cunniffe quoting Ronan Waide mentioned that soft links serve a similar purpose but he is struggling to find a clear advantage of hard links at the moment. He seems puzzled by their utility. In Niall's example, the difference lies in the management of file sets and namespaces. With soft links, you would need an additional namespace for deleting items according to rules, and then manually count the references to decide what stays and what goes. On the other hand, hard links allow for automatic deletion by simply unlinking. Although Niall's explanation seems accurate, I will still endeavor to find a more compelling reason for using hard links. It appears that the primary difference between symbolic links (soft links) and hard links is that multiple hard links to the same file are identical, whereas a soft link points to a real file, and its deletion results in a broken symbolic link. A hard link cannot be broken except in cases of a corrupted filesystem." }, { "body": "Dear Stephen Shirley, It's quite straightforward to have one program act upon the output of another, but what if you need it to act on the outputs of multiple programs? In my case, I developed a solution using mkfifo for input/output. I'm pleased to report that I'm a happy person once again! The main objective of this was to write a shell script that could check for new mail on an IMAP server. However, this information might not answer your question directly. Instead, a combination of Expect and Netcat or Telnet might have made for an easier solution. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the list, here is the relevant information." }, { "body": "In response to your email, Ronan Waide agrees that soft links can perform the same function, but he is currently struggling to think of a clear advantage of hard links. He mentions that the Bell Labs Unix team implemented hard links, while Bill Joy and others at Berkeley introduced soft links five years later as a way to bypass cross-device hard linking restrictions, as far as he understands. Soft links are known for their classic Berkeley hackery, similar to gethostbyname and associated issues with implementing mtsafe interfaces they serve their intended purpose but can break easily, especially when the target file is deleted. For a better design of similar concepts, he suggests referring to macOS. Ronan Waide is not a pheasant plucker's son; he just plucks pheasants until the pheasant plucker arrives. This phrase is from an Irish proverb. For unsubscription information, Irish Linux users can contact the list." }, { "body": "Dear Client, I have received your request to use a different service provider while keeping my code. Regarding the intellectual property rights for the piece of PHP code you are referring to, it depends on our contractual arrangement. However, in the absence of any agreement granting ownership of the code to another party, my understanding is that I retain the rights to the code. Regarding the GPL issues, since your system contains a copy of PHP which is covered by the GPL, you are required to provide access to the source code and cannot restrict what can be done with it. However, as you have not licensed my code under the GPL, the conditions of the GPL do not apply to it. I hope this helps clarify the situation for you. If you have any further questions or concerns, please let me know. Best, " }, { "body": "Hello there, I'm glad to inform you that I have managed to write a shell script that can check for new mail on an IMAP server. Initially, I was considering using Expect and Netcat/Telnet as a potential solution, but I found a way to accomplish this directly. Although it wasn't the easiest route, I was determined to find a solution. For those who are interested in unsubscribing from this list, they can do so by following the instructions provided below." }, { "body": "Dear , I understand your question about maintaining domains with a large number of computers. While I have some programming experience, I don't have extensive admin experience to provide a definitive answer. Regarding your question about using Lex and Yacc, they are tools used for building compilers, interpreters, etc., but they might not be directly related to managing networks, especially large ones. Tools like DNS (Domain Name System) are more commonly used in network management. You mentioned that you're familiar with C and unsure about Perl. It's good to use tools you're comfortable with, but it's also important to consider the existing solutions available for your problem. As for the complexity of your problem, it might be beneficial to research existing network management tools designed for large networks. I hope this helps! I would recommend consulting with someone who has more experience in network administration for a more accurate answer. Best regards," }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, In response to your email, let me provide a more detailed explanation. It seems that you are having issues with saving your configuration files and reinstalling them on the box. To avoid complications, I suggest mirroring the system drives as it might save you significant hassle in the future. However, I am jokingly suggesting this since I understand that you sysadmins may prefer more straightforward solutions. In case your machine is broken and you need to replace certain packages like glibc and kernel, here's a step-by-step guide: 1. Remove the versions of glibc and kernel from the machine if possible, or borrow/steal equivalent ones. 2. Install the replaced versions of glibc and kernel. 3. This will break one or two other packages due to entries in etcldsoconf which belongs to glibc. You'll need to reinstall these affected packages using rpm -e nodeps followed by rpm -ivh rpm -e nodeps (for glibc) and rpm -ivh (for kernel). 4. Boot the system in a non-graphical mode as x and kerberos are now broken. Your etcldsoconfrpmsave will contain clues about what else might be broken. 5. To fix x and kerberos, you need to reinstall their libraries by copying etcldsoconfrpmsave back to etcldsoconf (using rpm -ivh replacepkgs if available). Other libs listed in your etcldsoconf like qt, mysql, and sane may behave oddly; reinstalling the libs for these packages might fix their issues. I would also suggest avoiding bogging down the system with X (graphical user interface) unless it's necessary for the server to serve as a user machine. In such cases, you could limit its use to staff or admins only. If possible, I recommend using webmin for day-to-day maintenance and providing the local admins with a restricted set of tasks they can perform. Finally, you mentioned migrating a hard disk from an Intel box to an AMD box. Since RHL installed on the i686 machine will not boot on an Athlon/Duron box, the solution is to replace the kernel and glibc with versions compatible with the AMD processor. You can find these versions from Conor Daly at Eireann Glasnevin Hill Dublin, Ireland. Regarding the confidentiality of this email and attached files, please be aware that they are intended only for the recipient and contain sensitive information. If received in error, please notify the system manager." }, { "body": "Hi there, I've been contemplating your query about optimizing packages for a Pentium system. One suggestion was glibc, which led me to think about gcc itself. I sought advice on another forum and received some interesting feedback - many advised against it, but a few recommended both gcc and Linux from Scratch (LFS). After researching LFS, I've decided to give it a try. I have a spare box and plenty of free time, so why not? The LFS site advises against using optimizations when compiling gcc or glibc, but I found a Pentium-optimizing patch for gcc called pgcc on their site, although it seems not to have been updated for quite some time. My plan is to take my time with the hard drive for the LFS setup. I'll install a base Debian system into the home partition so I can build the rest of the system into the other partitions using Debian. In this first stage, I'll attempt to optimize gcc and glibc. Chrooting to the partition, I'll rebuild the base packages for shared libraries. I'll strip debugging from the binaries and change the boot so the system boots from the other partition rather than home, then move home to its proper partition. Assuming all goes well, I should now have a full base Linux system running, fully optimized for my Pentium MMX including gcc and glibc. From there, I can build zlib and X again, optimizing as I go. Following this, I'll proceed with various graphics libraries like Qt lib and finally KDE. If all goes well, I might even write up my experience for the site. Cheers, John Gay (Irish Linux Users for unsubscription information)" }, { "body": "Last Friday, John Gay responded to my query about optimizing packages for a Pentium system by suggesting glibc. This led me to consider gcc itself. I posed this question on another list and received some answers. Most advised against it, but a few suggested gcc. One directed me to Linux from Scratch. Let me clarify my interpretation: Optimizing how GCC is compiled will only make it produce the same code, albeit slightly faster. Since GCC consumes large amounts of memory, it would be more beneficial to invest in additional RAM for improved fs cache hits and to keep GCC's heap out of swap. However, optimizations at the compiler level can introduce complications such as compiler errors, which are difficult to trace and require a deep understanding of what is happening to either report bugs or fix them yourself. Additionally, it seems that significant changes would be needed for GCC to achieve substantial speed boosts on chips. I'm reminded here of George Bernard Shaw's quote about faith: 'Belief, like a drunken man, is happier than a sober one.' In other words, belief (or optimism) is no more convincing than the fact that a tipsy individual prefers his own home over a sober one. The happiness derived from credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality. For those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, kindly find the instructions below." }, { "body": "Actually, they do work (the Oceanfree ISDN dialup), but it seems to have some issues with PAPCHAP authentication. You might need to use a script on Friday for resolution. Liam Bedford is suggesting that the oceanfree phone number in Dublin appears to be down or inaccessible, and he doesn't want to pay per second for technical support. He also mentioned that the username and password may not matter much. For unsubscription information, please refer to the list of Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "Good morning everyone, I'm currently testing one of the development snapshots of PuTTY and just noticed a very convenient new built-in proxy support. This means that people like me can now connect to external hosts using SSH via a proxy. Isn't it great? By the way, here comes the Pigeon of Love! For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "Regarding your query about optimizing packages for Pentium, my understanding is as follows. The tools gcc, glibc, and binutils you mentioned automatically determine the system you're compiling on and optimize themselves accordingly. However, I was curious if I should also optimize GCC itself for Pentium, so I asked on another forum. The responses were mixed. Some advised against it, stating that it wouldn't significantly improve performance as GCC is a memory hog, and it would be more beneficial to invest in more RAM or optimize your file system cache. Others suggested looking into patches for GCC that affect its code generation. However, I must emphasize that any changes made to the compiler could potentially introduce errors. Compilers should ideally work flawlessly without any modifications. If you do decide to pursue this route, keep in mind that debugging compiler errors can be challenging and requires a deep understanding of the codebase. Furthermore, if you encounter any issues, it's recommended to report bugs to the patch developers or fix them yourself. Lastly, I was informed that GCC would need major changes to achieve large speed boosts on chips." }, { "body": "Hi Nils, I believe you've installed Gentoo Linux but encountering an issue with the right-click context menu on your desktop not showing disk options. To resolve this, you may need to edit certain files related to the X Window System (Xorg) configuration or the file manager's settings (Thunar in your case). Here are a few suggestions: 1. Check your xorg.conf file located at /etc/X18.org for any errors or missing configurations regarding disk mounting. 2. If you're using Thunar as your file manager, ensure that the right-click context menu is enabled in its settings under Preferences > Behavior > Context Menus. 3. You can also try installing the nautilus-script package to enable additional actions when right-clicking on the desktop. Please let me know if any of these solutions work for you, or if you need further assistance. For unsubscription information, you may find it at the bottom of our previous emails. Best regards, " }, { "body": "On Saturday, July , I'm working with one of the development snapshots of PuTTY and I recently discovered a very useful new built-in proxy support. This feature allows me to connect to external hosts using SSH via a proxy, similar to Squid and most other good proxies. However, these proxies typically don't allow connections to any destination port other than the default, so the sshd needs to be listening on the PuTTY's proxy port. At the moment, the proxy support in PuTTY is a bit unstable, as the raw connects are not working consistently with certain revisions of iOS due to their different prompts and success strings. I haven't delved deeply into the SOCKS proxy support yet, but it's available if you need to SSH through a proxy. For this purpose, you can use netcat. Please note that it will take a few more weeks for the PuTTY's proxy functionality to become stable and it currently does not send keepalives, so if you step away from your session, expect it to be terminated by the proxy. Netcat sends keepalives, which prevent this. Here's a quick example of how to use netcat with PuTTY's proxy: mkfifo infifo echo 'connect' > infifo nc myproxy < /dev/null | while read; do nc lp $@; done <&3 <&4 >&3 & read a b <&3 >&4 3<&- cat infifo This assumes you have Bash, but the steps should be possible natively. If you have Cygwin, consider using OpenSSH as it offers excellent configurable proxycmd functionality. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please refer to this list." }, { "body": "On Friday, it's being speculated around here that Wynne needs to restore his conf files. It would be quicker to reinstall the software on the box, copy back the configs, and there you go - all he cares about are the configs since the machine has no data. However, I have two issues: firstly, I mirrored the disk for someone else to work on, but the box he has available only has an Atom processor. My Celeron box has been crashing the backup software, so I wanted to test the backup on a different box to ensure it's not hardware-related. This is also an interesting exercise. Secondly, I'm considering mirroring the system drives to prevent future issues. Since this is going to Africa, I aim for maximum robustness with redundancy and probably an all-in-one jumpsuit. I will mirror the disk, but that offers only limited protection, such as against lightning strikes taking out the disks or system compromise. I'm also planning a backup to CD-R with an automated restore. In case the motherboard gets fried, the admin over there wouldn't be able to rebuild the system, but a compatible install would mean just swapping in the hard drive and booting." }, { "body": "I came across this on Mutt user forums, which might be useful for those with active archiving habits. The following trick could potentially serve better in the long run: set recordmailoutboxdate ym on sat jul. In my Mutt config file, I have set recordmailoutbox that works well, except it's starting to expand over time after a few months. I think perhaps having an outbox folder and then for the above command to auto-assign mails to the correct month (using set recordmailoutboxdate m) could help manage this growth. Alternatively, you can keep it as it is and use the function to view only emails within a specific date range. Here's the code for the latter: bye, Rocco, Kevin. A believer is happier than a skeptic; no more need to argue about that point than the fact that a drunken man is happier in meatspace than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality (quoted from G.B. Shaw). For those wanting to unsubscribe, please find information on the list." }, { "body": "To set up TCPWrappers (tcpd) for FTP access on Irish Linux, where only one user will connect via a dynamic IP (DHCP), follow these steps: 1. Configure /etc/hosts.allow and /etc/hosts.deny files to control the access of your FTP server. 2. In the /etc/hosts.allow file, add the following line to allow only local connections (assuming the FTP user is local): `ftp: 127.0.0.1` 3. Create a new file in /etc/tcpwrappers.d/ with a name that corresponds to your FTP service, for example, ftpd. Allow access only from the IP of your user (if known) or use a wildcard for dynamic IPs: `/etc/tcpwrappers.d/ftpd:` `ALL : 127.0.0.1` // If the user's IP is known `ALL : <user-IP-range>` // If you know the range of dynamic IPs your user will have `ALL : GW-ADDRESS/NETMASK` // For a more general solution if your ISP provides a gateway address and netmask for its DHCP clients 4. Restart the TCPWrappers service to apply the changes: `sudo systemctl restart tcpwrappers` or `sudo /etc/init.d/tcpwrap restart`, depending on your Linux distribution." }, { "body": "Dear User, Regarding your query about using tcpd for FTP with a single dynamic IP user, it's important to note that since the IP is dynamic due to DHCP, host-based filtering (like tcpd) might not be suitable. However, FTP does support user-based authentication and usually requires a user account. So, I would recommend creating an account for the user in question. This will allow them to authenticate when using FTP. Please note that while a believer may seem happier than a skeptic, credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality, as George Bernard Shaw once said. For those interested in Irish Linux users or unsubscription information, details can be found on our list. Best Regards," }, { "body": "John Gay is currently investigating issues with the PGCC site, as it appears to have gone over a year without an update. In addition, he's looking into GCC itself, now that the series has been released. It's possible that GCC may be better or at least as good as when the PGCC patches were written. GCC has made significant strides since the time when it split from the main branch due to slow progress, with Linux distributions such as EGCS partially derived from the PGCC work. The world rejoiced when harmony was restored with GCC. The Pentium processors have better instruction sets than the ones they still support, but GCC only takes advantage of the cmov instruction introduced with the Pentium Pro. Code compiled with this option will fail on older Pentium and earlier processors. The Pentium also introduced pipelining, and properly generated code can run faster due to this feature (known as instruction scheduling - rearranging instructions for optimal parallel superscalar pipeline usage). GCC does a fair job at instruction scheduling, but the PentiumPro option does a better job and fine-tunes for more processors like Athlon and AthlonXP. They're working on replacing the compiler's instruction scheduling with a new mechanism that should do an even better job, but this is still in development. Regarding exotic instruction sets, GCC will use SSE or similar instructions if you use the mfmathsse option and may see some speed benefit, but there's a chance of incompatibilities. Current versions of GCC won't use MMX or instructions, although user code can explicitly generate these instructions with C code. The kernel sometimes uses these instruction sets for superfast memory block copies or RAID math, but not much else is known about the improvements they bring. GCC has a much improved version of SSE and is a viable replacement for FPU code, supporting only single precision floats while being able to handle doubles. MMX and SSE share registers with the FPU, which limits them somewhat, but have their own large dedicated register file. So far, AMD CPUs are said to be the only ones equipped with it. For unsubscription information for Paul Irish's Linux Users list, please refer to the provided instructions." }, { "body": "Subject: LFS Compilation Optimization Clarification Dear John, I hope this message finds you well. I've been doing some research on the optimization process when compiling software for Pentium, as per your recent email about ILUG and LFS. It appears that by default, most programs and libraries are compiled with optimizing level GCC options (-Og and -march=native) to suit a specific CPU on Intel platforms. This means that the software is compiled for processors by default, unless you wish to run it on other machines as well. To change the default compiler options for higher optimization levels or architecture-specific code generation, you can export the following flags: export CC=gcc -O3 export CXXFLAGS=-march=native -O3 The 'march' option will compile the binaries with specific instructions for the CPU you have specified. However, this means that the binary can't be copied to a lower-class CPU and executed. Regarding your question about optimizing GCC or Glibc, it seems that Glibc might be the most suitable candidate for optimization as it provides libraries used by even the most basic programs to access system calls in the kernel. I'm still awaiting information from the GCC mailing list regarding optimizing and patching GCC for performance improvement. So far, the only suggestion has been to try using ICC (Intel's C Compiler), which is known to work with the kernel. However, user apps and libraries might need rewriting to compile and I'm not prepared to go to this length for Qt and KDE at this time. There are also gains to be made with object prelinking, but there are also risks involved. So, I guess I'll just have to wait and see. Regarding your base build, I understand that you're still waiting for some DRI patches for your card. Once you're ready, I believe it will be several days before you can start building X. In the meantime, I wish you all the best with your project. Best regards, " }, { "body": "I have two separate projects for this weekend. The first one is about mod_gzip, an Apache module aimed at speeding up serving static and dynamic mimetype web content. The second project is configuring the Compaq Smart Array for Linux on a server running Red Hat Linux with all updates, and a client also on a Compaq laptop, both stock Red Hat. Here's a step-by-step guide: For mod_gzip, navigate to the root directory, then execute the following commands: wget <url_to_download_mod_gzip> gunzip mod_gzip.gz apxs -ci mod_gzipc After that, add the following lines to your Apache configs. Please note that my Apache config is split among many files: LoadModule gzipmodule usrlibapachemod_gzip.so AddModule mod_gzipc ModGzipOn yes ModGzipMinimumFilesize ModGzipMaximumFilesize ModGzipItemInclude file .html ModGzipItemInclude file .htm ModGzipItemInclude file .txt ModGzipItemInclude file .php ModGzipItemInclude file .pl ModGzipItemInclude mime text ModGzipItemInclude mime mod ModGzipItemInclude handler perlscript ModGzipItemInclude handler serverstatus ModGzipItemInclude handler serverinfo ModGzipItemExclude file .css ModGzipItemExclude file .js ModGzipItemExclude mime image ModGzipDechunk yes ModGzipMin ModGzipTempDir tmp ModGzipKeepWorkFiles no LogFormat h f %{mod_gzip}n %{mod_gzip_inputsizen} %{mod_gzip_outputsizen} %{mod_gzip_compressionrationpct} mod_gziplogs customlog logs/compression.log ModGzipLogs Enable Finally, run 'service apache2 reload' and check the logs to see if it's working. If you have serverinfo available, you should see that mod_gzip is loaded and a compressed line and a non-compressed line might look like 'roo sslglossaryhtml ok roo'. For Compaq Smart Array configuration on Linux, I found a solution by searching 'compaq smart array configuration linux'. One of the hits led me to download an RPM, install it, and run the server according to instructions. Note that if you're running the browser locally, omit the 'r' in cpqacuxe. I couldn't get Galeon to work, but Mozilla did. You may need to enable popups in Galeon's configuration if you want to try it. Once logged in as administrator, point Mozilla at login and change your password, then go back to the main page and click the little drive array graphic towards the bottom to configure your array as desired. Stop the server by typing 'cpqacuxe stop' when you're done. I partitioned the drive, built the filesystems, and so on. The drive was now accessible. Hope this helps some folks! Best regards, Kevin Lyda Lead Programmer Doolin Technologies" }, { "body": "Hello there, I'm writing to inform you about an update regarding file compression. The files that will now be included for compressing are: html, html, txt, php, modgzipiteminclude (repeated multiple times), pl, mime text, mime, perlscript, serverstatus, serverinfo, swf, and class. Regarding your question about the Constitution and flag, I'd like to clarify that it doesn't matter in this context as the Supreme Court follows the law, not the flag. If you are an Irish Linux user and wish to unsubscribe from our updates, please find the necessary information below. Best regards, Paul Jakmak" }, { "body": "Paul Kelly, for some time now, GCC has been at least as effective, if not more so, than PGCC. I believe PGCC was written during a period when GCC was perceived to be progressing slowly, causing a split and the creation of EGCS, which was partially derived from the PGCC work. However, I don't actively follow the compiler developments. Recently, I've found that I must use EGCS to build bit sparc code, as GCC should do it, but due to certain features, it is not worth trying unless you are specifically interested in tracking down compiler errors. These issues seem to be related to stricter syntax checking. More accurate information on this would be appreciated." }, { "body": "Additionally, I wanted to share that Yahoo provides everything you'll ever need on one web page, from news and sports to email and music charts. For those Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "Over the weekend, I learned more about CSS and stumbled upon a few things. Here's one of them: body color : black, background-color : white, background-image : url(repeat) are some CSS properties I found interesting. I've incorporated these into an HTML page like so: blah. I also set up mod_rewrite to rewrite requests for css/style.css to css/style.windows.css if the browser is on Windows by adding this in .htaccess: rewriteengine On, RewriteLog tmp/foolog (for debugging), RewriteLevel 3, RewriteCond %{HTTP_USER_AGENT} window , RewriteRule ^style .css$ style.windows.css. Regarding images, I found a transparent animated GIF called 'imagesuzelinuxgif' that displays the word 'Linux' in large blue font for seconds. To create such an animated GIF, you can use the GIMP to put each frame in a layer and name each layer with a name ending with 'xxxms', where 'xxx' is the number of milliseconds the frame displays. Finally, I came across this quote from G.B. Shaw that resonated with me: 'A believer is happier than a skeptic; it is the happiness of credulity that makes the madness of heresy a cheap and dangerous quality.' For those who wish to unsubscribe from the list, you can find information here." }, { "body": "Dear Support, I have discovered that my box functions irrespective of the username/password combination used. However, the Linux box seems to work only with 'oceanfree' as the username and password. Whether this is an issue related to the machine or oceanfree itself, I leave it up to your discretion. The original Robert Synnott's July Liam Bedford's IULG OT oceanfree dialup number is indeed oceanfree, though it appears case-insensitive. It seems to encounter trouble with PAP-CHAP authentication and might require a script solution by this coming Friday (Jul 15). Regarding the inquiry from July Liam Bedford, it appears the Dublin oceanfree ISDN dialup number is currently unavailable or experiencing issues. I would rather not incur per-second charges for tech support from oceanfree. Lastly, for any Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please find it below." }, { "body": "Matthew French returned to the world with GCC, but I later found myself too busy to keep up with the compiler wars. However, I noticed that in order to build bit sparc code, I had to use eGCS, which marked the start of reintegration efforts. The rest of the projects fell by the wayside, and the aim was to complete that work. GCC should have been able to handle it, but due to various issues, it's not really worth using unless you want to track down those compiler errors. Interestingly, many of those problems seemed to have been addressed by Red Hat's bold GCC stunt. I've been trying out Red Hat Limbo for a few weeks now with GCC, and so far, I haven't encountered any compiler issues that I'm aware of. That said, I'm glad I don't do much C programming as it seems every version of GCC and its upcoming versions break C binary compatibility in some way or another. For unsubscription information, please refer to the details for Paul Irish's Linux Users mailing list." }, { "body": "Kevin Lyda, here is a useful trick regarding imagesuselinuxgif. This animated GIF is transparent for seconds and then displays 'Use Linux' in large blue font for seconds. To create such an animation, place each frame in a layer in the GIMP, name each layer using any name but ensure it ends with 'xxxms', where 'xxx' is the number of milliseconds the frame displays. Use the animation tool to export the animation. When saving an image as an animated GIF, you can simply do a 'Save As' and set the extension to gif. A dialog box will appear asking whether you want to merge visible layers or save as an animation. Alternatively, if you have the mpeg plugin built, you may also specify the extension as mpg or mpeg. Cheers, Dave David Neary, Marseille, France." }, { "body": "On Sunday, July, I received a tutorial from Kevin Lyda on Linuxie. Thanks Donnacha! However, since I'm not familiar with Apache, the tutorial only got me part of the way. Here's what I did: cd root, wget gunzip modgzip.gz, apxs, ic, modgzipc. Thanks Kevinmodgzip for providing steps for the terminally lazy! For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please find the relevant information." }, { "body": "On Monday, July Paul Kelly mentioned to Matthew French that happiness was restored to the world with GCC. Later, I didn't have the time to follow the compiler wars, but I noticed that I had to use egcs to build bit sparc code, which was where the reintegration effort started and work on other projects fell away. The target for completion of that work was gcc, but because it is so complicated, it is not worth trying to use unless you really want to track down those compiler errors. However, I have been using Red Hat Limbo for a few weeks now with GCC and haven't encountered any compiler issues so far that I'm aware of. That said, I'm glad I don't do much C. Seems like every version of gcc and the forthcoming versions break C binary compatibility in some way or another (diarycodemonkeyorguk). Dave received an email from Neil telling me about some exciting new warnings in the CVS version of GCC. After a while playing with GCC, he managed to get it to spit out a bunch of warnings when compiling the kernel. There's a lot of stuff that still needs cleaning up for things like function abuse and the like, as it doesn't even compile due to broken assembly constraints and other such problems. It isn't recommended for this purpose yet, but as more and more architectures start using it as their standard compiler, we should clean up some of this stuff. Neil also tipped me off about a new warning called 'wunusedmacros'. Turns out, far too much cruft from what I looked at was correct in most cases, and yes, there were macros being defined but unused. Cleaning them up, however, creates a maintenance nightmare for anyone with patches in those areas already, particularly hurting people like myself who have huge patches touching large parts of the tree. The recent struct initializers patch, for instance, made large parts of my tree reject with more to come. The fun isn't over yet either - that is with the CVS version, but it seems more breakage is to come with the kernel: everyone will want to compile their machine on the latest and greatest." }, { "body": "Hi all, Is it possible to rename cookie files on a Windows box? If so, what would be the easiest way to do this? The cookies are located on a hard disk that can be accessed via SMB mount. Is this the best way to proceed? Thanks, David Hamilton, Senior Technical Consultant, HP Ireland For information on unsubscribing from this list, see below." }, { "body": "Hi Thomas, I hope this email finds you well. I'm writing to inform you about my situation. I am a French student studying at UTBM and next year, from February to July, I need to complete a practical training somewhere in the world, preferably in France or elsewhere. As a Linux user and developer for several years now, I coordinate the Kos project, which is why I'm seeking a practice where I can use Linux and/or develop Linux/BSD software. Ideally, I would like to work in a small company, but as I have no contacts in Ireland yet, it's quite challenging to find companies. Therefore, I thought that the local Irish Linux community might be able to help me by providing a list of companies known for their work with Linux/BSD or any other free software. Thank you very much for your assistance. Best regards, Thomas Petazzoni : Kos : perso : unsubscription information list" }, { "body": "Last Thursday's discussion on IULG BBC echoed a similar sentiment found online, suggesting the use of Linux over Microsoft software. A notable advantage is that one of the easiest ways to avoid many common security problems is by ceasing the use of Microsoft software. While the ultimate step would be to use a Mac or install Linux on your PC, here's an option for our Irish Linux users: If you wish to unsubscribe, kindly follow the instructions below." }, { "body": "Paul Jakmas' words hold some truth, but there are numerous setup scripts for ipchains/iptables that can simplify configuration just as much as ipfw. However, I must clarify that the new ipfw code is in BSD and not brand new; the old code was rewritten for OpenBSD due to licensing concerns. You might be referring to ipfilter and OpenBSD's new pf. If you're discussing the firewall itself, ipfilter might come out on top since it has a longer track record, but in essence, they are quite similar. If the company in question is familiar with Linux and lacks knowledge of FreeBSD, I would recommend using a Linux box because when issues related to ipfw/ipchains/ipfilter arise that aren't the fault of the firewall itself, someone will know how to fix it. I have minimal in-depth experience with netfilter; I am aware of its basic capabilities and have had a brief look at its features in early editions but that's about it. For unsubscription information, refer to Philip Reynolds' RFC Networks or the Irish Linux Users group." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Jakmakey, I hope this email finds you well. Regarding our discussion about firewall systems, let me clarify a few points. Firstly, I apologize if my previous message was unclear. I was referring to the new pf code in OpenBSD and ipfilter, not the old firewalling codes as they have been rewritten recently due to licensing concerns. I believe there may have been some confusion about this. Secondly, you mentioned that you have a few boxes running netfilter/iptables with reasonable uptimes, but one has crashed twice after day-long uptimes. It seems that the issue is not necessarily with netfilter/iptables, as there are many factors that can contribute to system instability. I would recommend monitoring these boxes and using heartbeat to ensure high availability. When considering a firewall solution, it's important to keep in mind that familiarity with the operating system plays a significant role. If the company has extensive knowledge of Linux but little experience with FreeBSD, I would suggest going with a Linux box, as someone within the company will be able to troubleshoot issues related to netfilter/iptables more effectively. Lastly, I wanted to address your comment about nitpicking arguments among Unix variants. While it's true that we can debate which firewall and Unix code is better, it's essential to keep in mind that both FreeBSD (ipfw) and Linux (netfilter/iptables) have their strengths and weaknesses. I personally have limited experience with netfilter/iptables, but I am aware of its basic capabilities. I hope this helps clarify our previous discussion. If you have any further questions or concerns, please don't hesitate to ask. Best regards, " }, { "body": "To set up TCPD for FTP with only one user (whose IP is dynamic due to DHCP), you can at least use TCP wrappers and limit it to the dial-up domain. Please note that because the IP is dynamic, host-based filtering may not be suitable. However, FTP supports user-based authentication, so it's recommended to create an account for that specific user. Regarding your subscription to ILUG, if you find threaded mail responses annoying, I recommend starting a new topic for each discussion. For unsubscription information, kindly refer to the list of Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Jakmas, I wanted to share some thoughts about the firewalling codes on various BSD systems. To begin with, the FreeBSD's ipfw is not encumbered in the same way as the old OBSd firewalling was. Yes, you are correct that it has been rolled out into the stable branch of code, which is a significant release still under development to some extent. However, I have a few boxes with reasonable uptimes running Netfilter/iptables; one box crashed twice after day-long uptimes, but this doesn't seem to be an issue specific to Netfilter. As for FreeBSD's ipfw, I don't have extensive experience with it, but the closest I've come is looking at ipfilter for IRIX. It had a problem that it wasn't maintained anymore. Although the Englishy syntax might be appealing, I don't think the iptables command syntax presents much of an obstacle. With the advent of Netfilter/iptables, there isn't much difference between them from a technical perspective apart from ipfw being in use for a longer period. Having used ipchains quite heavily around two years ago, I can assure you that the learning curve for reading ipchains rules and ipfw rules is quite different. However, this shouldn't be a decisive factor when choosing one firewall product over another, especially if the learning curve for the operating system is the same. Getting off-topic now, but since I've been doing quite a lot of work with ipfw over the last week, I decided to join the bandwagon. If you wish to unsubscribe from the Philip Reynolds RFC Networks or Irish Linux Users list, please follow the instructions provided. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear User, I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to clarify some points regarding the firewall software in FreeBSD, OpenBSD, and NetBSD. It appears that you were discussing the differences between ipfw (FreeBSD), ipfilter (NetBSD), and pf (OpenBSD). The firewalling code on all the BSDs was initially related, but FreeBSD's ipfw is not encumbered in the same way as the old NetBSD's firewall due to different licensing. ipfw was specifically written for FreeBSD under a BSD license by Luigi Rizzo, one of the FreeBSD whizzes. NetBSD packaged ipfilter which has been around for quite some time and offers a slightly different feature set to ipfw. However, last year, the author of ipfilter, Darren Reed, changed the license on development branches of ipfilter to prohibit redistribution. This change upset Theo de Raadt, among others, and led to OpenBSD creating their own firewall called pf under a full BSD license. The official releases of ipfilter are still unencumbered as always. Recently, ipfilter has been rolled out into the stable branch of the code, which is essentially a major release that's still a work in progress. It offers some nice syntactic sugar and is faster for certain types of complex rulesets, but it might not be ready for production yet. I have no personal experience with ipfw, but I've come closest to looking at ipfilter for IRIX. However, it had an issue as it was not maintained anymore. While the Englishy syntax is nice, I don't think the iptables command syntax is a significant obstacle. I currently use ipfilter as my operating system firewall of choice due to its mature code and features like saving and restoring state for persistent connections across reboots, better-organized logging, and its maturity which appeals to conservative tastes. For unsubscription information, please refer to the list provided earlier. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Liam Bedford, it appears that you're using the CVS version of a software, but there seems to be more issues with the kernel. It's worth noting that Limbo can compile its own kernel using its own GCC. However, I don't have information on the specific patches Red Hat is applying to their kernel. It's also worth mentioning that one of the patches for the software is from Red Hat, but it doesn't seem they've heavily modified Limbo's GCC. If you wish to unsubscribe from the Linux users mailing list, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "It would be great to chat with you about Donncha's forwarded message regarding Linux Beer Hike on Tuesday, July 19th. Diarmaid Mac Mathuna (Donncha's friend) has shared some useful information regarding the new CLR telecommunications in the north that might interest you. I noticed that there was a Linux Beer Hike at Doolin recently which we missed. If you are interested and would like more details about this hike or the Irish Linux Users group, please let Diarmaid know via Fitzwilliam Square, Dublin. Also, if you need unsubscription information for any reason, feel free to contact me through phone, fax, email or visit our web page." }, { "body": "Hi there, I have multiple email addresses that I use for different purposes, and I'd prefer not to mix them up. I was wondering if anyone knows of a way that I can receive mail (excluding the listmail I already have sorted) to a specific email address, and have the header in the reply automatically set to the address it came from? For instance, let's say I have a company and emails arrive in the same mailbox. I don't want to reply to mails with the 'To' field showing; instead, I would like the email to appear as if it's coming from the address it was sent to. Is there any way to do this? The emails can arrive with my email in the 'To', 'CC', or 'BCC' fields and may be buried among a couple of dozen other recipients. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Best regards, David David Neary, Marseille, France (for unsubscription information, please refer to the Irish Linux Users list)" }, { "body": "Dear Colm, I have multiple email addresses that I use for different purposes and I prefer not to mix them up. I was wondering if you know a way that I can receive emails apart from list emails (which I have already sorted) to a certain email address, and have the header in the reply automatically set to the address it came from? I'm not familiar with Mutt, but the KDE mail client, KMail, can do this very neatly. You can set up multiple identity profiles, each with a distinct email address and other things if desired like a GPG key and a signature. You can then configure KMail to use various identities automatically when replying to messages which match a particular pattern or which are in a particular folder, etc. It's all very cool and it works very nicely. However, I'm still not sure how to do this in Mutt. Do you have any suggestions on how I can accomplish this? Regards, " }, { "body": "Hello David, Please find 'set-reverse-name' in your Muttr configuration. Any files transmitted with this email are confidential and intended solely for the individual or entity to whom they are addressed. If you have received this email in error, please notify the system manager. Additionally, this email message has been scanned by MimeSweeper for the presence of computer viruses. For unsubscription information (for Irish Linux users), please refer to the list." }, { "body": "Regarding your email, it seems you want to manage multiple email addresses for a single mailbox in such a way that replies do not originate from the same address they were received at. To achieve this effectively: 1. Create separate folders for each address in your mailbox. 2. Set your 'From' address based on the folder you are currently replying from. For instance, if you are replying to an email addressed to 'davidneary@example.com', make sure to set your 'From' as that specific address when replying from the corresponding folder. 3. For the unsubscription information for John Irish Linux Users list, I suggest checking their official website or contacting them directly." }, { "body": "It appears you are looking for a solution to automatically set the reply-to address based on the incoming email's original address. This can be achieved by using a mail client that supports the 'Reply-To' header, such as Thunderbird or mutt. Here's a general approach: 1. Configure your mail client to create multiple accounts for your different email addresses. This ensures each account maintains its own set of folders and messages. 2. For incoming emails that arrive in the same mailbox, you can use filters to route them to specific accounts based on the sender's address or other criteria. 3. When replying to an email, the reply-to address will automatically be set according to the account from which you are replying. This ensures each response comes from the appropriate email address. 4. Note that this approach can handle emails with different recipient fields (To, CC, BCC) and multiple recipients. However, the reply-to address will always be determined by the account from which the reply is sent, not the original sender's address." }, { "body": "Dear User, It appears you are seeking a solution to ensure that emails directed to multiple recipients, including your company's mailbox, do not automatically reply from the set address. I can suggest a couple of ways this could be achieved. 1. Using Procmail rules, you can filter and sort emails based on their headers (To, CC, BCC). For instance, you might have different rules for ILUG and Doolin mail. You can use 'folderhooks' to manage these rules. 2. Additionally, you can use 'send hooks' to modify the behavior of your email client. For example, you can disable automatic encryption or signing, as shown in your message. For more detailed instructions, I would recommend consulting the Procmail and Mutt documentation. Best regards, The Assistant" }, { "body": "Hi on Tuesday, Jul, regarding the alternates set for reversename.ps, please ensure that there is no line such as 'sendhook myhdr Gavin McCullagh' as it will only override it and potentially cause inconvenience and distress to Irish Linux users in terms of unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Dear All, Nick Hilliards' wisdom suggests that the standard release versions of ipfilter are, as always, unencumbered. Indeed, the stable version has just been rolled out. This is a stable branch of the code, but I must admit, it's still in progress and not quite ready for production yet, having been released last Wednesday. It does add some attractive syntactic sugar and is reportedly much faster for certain complex rule sets. However, I would question its readiness for production due to its instability. It's important to note that this new release has maintained backwards compatibility with ipfw, which is a significant advantage. My mentioning of it being rolled out into the stable version was simply an illustration of the fact that ipfw is not ipfilter and that there are no license issues there. If you wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, please follow the instructions provided. Best, Philip Reynolds - RFC Networks" }, { "body": "Hello, It's great to chat with you here about the Linux Beer Hike in the new town area that was recently announced. You mentioned losing touch with Irish when you moved over the border a few years ago, not by choice I presume. Just wanted to let you know that there might be someone else participating in the hike who speaks Irish. Hope this information is useful to you. Tony Patton (Software Developer / Systems Administrator) - North West Institute of Technology, Strand Road, Derry, Irish Linux Users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Hello Patton Tony and Donncha O'Caoimh, It was great talking to you about the Linux Beer Hike today. I'm currently conducting research for the television programme 'An Tuath Nua', which is broadcast by RTE. I noticed that the Linux Beer Hike will take place in Doolin this year and we would be interested in including a report on the hike in our programme. Are you or anyone else with Irish fluency going to be on the hike? If so, it would be helpful if you could let me know. Thank you for your assistance." }, { "body": "Dear Donncha O Caoimh, I hope this email finds you well. I'm working on a TV program, 'The New Road', which is currently airing, and I noticed that there will be a Linux Beer Hike in Doolin this year. We would be delighted to do a report about the hike for our program. Would you or anyone else with Irish fluency be participating in the hike? If so, it would be very helpful for us. Thank you for your assistance. Best regards, David David Neary Marseille, France Irish Linux Users" }, { "body": "On Tuesday, July, I will be installing warm standby disks on several machines. These disks will be of the same size or larger than the primary disk. The aim is to sync the partitions on the main disk with the standby disk every night. In case of a disaster, the first point of recovery before tapes would be the standby disk. Although we considered running Linux MD RAID on the disks, RAID does not provide protection against human errors. On a related note, I have tried SnapFS but found it less effective and the setup process is rather complex. The machines in question are currently unavailable. Keep root as hda; you can modify the boot configuration at your convenience. When running lilo from the prompt, ensure to use 'lilo b' to write to different devices. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please refer to the following list." }, { "body": "Subject: Translation Request and LBW Attendance Dear All, Could someone please help me translate this text as I lost my sense of Irish after moving over the border a few years ago, not by choice. Thank you to those who replied. I am trying to secure Thursday and Friday off work to attend the LBW. At the moment it looks doubtful due to being very near the start of term for academic institutions :( It will only take me around 4 hours or so to get there. Best, Tony Patton - Software Developer Nix Tel : Systems Administrator Fax : North West Institute of F Mob: Strand Road, Derry ICQ: Irish Linux Users For unsubscription information list" }, { "body": "Regarding Niall O Broin's email, here is a rephrased version: Niall is installing warm standby disks on several machines. These disks will be the same size, or sometimes larger than the main disk. Each night, he will synchronize the partitions on the main disk to the standby disk. This way, in case of a disaster, the first course of action before using tapes would be to use the standby disk. Instead of implementing Linux MD RAID on the disks, Niall suggests using individual hard disks because RAID does not provide protection against human error. In terms of a more distributed solution for error prevention, he proposes that each machine could send its kernel to other machines over the network. This way, if the drives are open and switched between cables, you can start using a floppy before you begin. If the drives are in drawers, this method might slow down operations by a few seconds. Alternatively, he suggests using netboot. To do this, set the boot sequence to prioritize the hard disk followed by the network. Do not activate any partition on the standby disk. Niall also recommends looking at the Etherboot package, which includes a Pascal-like language for creating boot menus. You can write a simple command that says 'boot' or whatever you prefer. There is an example code available. The downside of using this method is that you will need a bootp and tftp server somewhere. For unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users mailing list, please refer to the information provided." }, { "body": "I've managed to play and convert some strange WAV files after discovering I didn't have sox installed. Installing it through apt-get resolved the issue, as sox is capable of recognizing these files and even playing them in stereo. Using instructions from the cdwriting howto, I converted Sgt Pepper's WAV to CDR and wrote it to a CD, resulting in a CD with one track that contains the entire Sgt Pepper's album. It's puzzling as to how reducing a CDR results in only one WAV file, but there you go! Now, I have an abundance of Beatles albums and singles in these peculiar WAV files. It seems I no longer need to purchase them anymore. Cheers to the John Gay Irish Linux users for any unsubscription information." }, { "body": "I am the one you will respect my authority, sorry but I couldn't resist. I must say that emails like this really impress me because I have almost no Irish at all. However, my little girl starts Gaelscoil in September, so there's hope for me yet. Much respect to the Gaeilgors out there. By the way, if anyone else is using Irish on this hike, let me know as I would appreciate your help. Could someone translate this for me? I lost all sense of Irish when I moved over the border a few years ago, not by choice though: Irish Linux users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "I considered performing Lilo b devhdb mnt, but I believe 'b' is equivalent to the 'boot' keyword in liloconf. This won't work automatically, as boot devhda tells Lilo what sectors to manipulate and it determines the disk location from the 'r'. If you proceed this way, you might end up with a boot loader on the backup disk that contains the physical location of the bootmap file on the main disk. This may not necessarily match the backup disk's location. I couldn't think of a suitable solution with Lilo in this scenario. My home machine uses rsync to a backup disk every night, but I'll need Rh install CDs to sort out Lilo if I have to do a disk swap. Grub should be able to handle this easily since it doesn't record sector numbers like Lilo does. This doesn't help you much at the moment, but for unsubscription information, please refer to the list provided earlier. " }, { "body": "In your query, you are seeking mailing lists or newsgroups specifically for C programming, catering to both beginners and advanced programmers. Here are some options: 1. gmane.comp.lang.c - This newsgroup is dedicated to the C language. 2. comp.lang.c at groups.google.com - Another newsgroup for C programming discussions. 3. c-faq-digest mailing list (http://c-faq-list.org/mailman/listinfo) - A popular and useful mailing list for C programmers. For Irish Linux users, you can unsubscribe from the list by following the instructions provided at this link: irishlinux.ie/unsubscribe. Please include the newsgroup or mailing list address and your email address in your reply for future reference." }, { "body": "When I was in school, Irish was force-fed to me and this resulted in a dislike for the language. For years, I studied French and for several months, German as well. I can almost hold a basic conversation in these languages. I am proud that I do not know even one word of Irish. However, my little girl will be attending gaelschool (Irish school) in September, so there is hope for me yet. Much respect to the Irish speakers out there. Although I lost all sense of Irish when I moved over the border a few years ago, this was not by choice. For unsubscribing information for Irish Linux users, please see below." }, { "body": "Dear Stevenx, When I was at school, Irish was forced upon me and I developed a dislike for it. Over the years, I learned French and spent months on German, nearly achieving basic fluency. However, I am not proud of my inability to speak any word of Irish; I wouldn't consider it an achievement or lack thereof, perhaps it's just me. Similarly, I don't take pride in no longer speaking Italian, nor do I boast about being able to speak French or English. Best, David Neary Marseille, France For unsubscription information, please refer to our user guide." }, { "body": "Hello, I've checked for mailing lists and newsgroups specifically for C programming, both for beginners and advanced programmers. I found the following newsgroups: comp.lang.c, comp.lang.misc. For C programming resources, you might want to bookmark the Complang C FAQ at <URL of Complang C FAQ>. The guy who maintains the CLFC FAQ, Steve Summit, also has a tutorial available, and he provides links to exercises from his website. The Complang C FAQ is likely a good starting point as it may contain links to suggested reading materials. If you're going to do any amount of C programming, I recommend considering 'The C Programming Language' (by Kernighan and Ritchie) for beginners. For advanced programmers, the equivalent book is 'The C++ Programming Language' by Bjarne Stroustrup, although it's significantly larger. Hope this helps! Best regards, Dave David Neary, Marseille, France (for unsubscription information, see below)" }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to express my feelings regarding my experience with the Irish language during my school years. I was forced to learn it and developed a strong dislike towards it due to this mandatory exposure. However, I studied French for several years and learned some German as well, nearly achieving basic conversational skills. I take pride in the fact that I do not know even one word of Irish, but feel regretful about this only recently. It saddens me that I allowed the forced teaching of the language to turn me away from it, much like how tablets are administered unwillingly. Had there been no such pressure, it is highly probable that I would have become an Irish speaker today. For information regarding unsubscribing from the John Irish Linux Users group, please find the necessary details below. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Sir/Madam, Back when I was in school at Satelle Stevenx, Irish was force-fed to me and it instilled a dislike within me. Despite years of studying French and months of German, I could hold a basic conversation, but I am proud that I know absolutely no Irish. It surprises me to see people proud of not knowing something; it's akin to tourists on holiday using the 'speak loudly enough, they will understand' method or relatives who claim ignorance about computers and have no intention of learning. Although Irish was poorly taught in my school years, I aspire to relearn it and add it to my skill set. For information on unsubscribing from the David (Irish Linux Users) mailing list, please visit our website. Best regards," }, { "body": "Please keep a bookmark of the ComplangC FAQ at <URL> and remember about the C IAQ. If you write code in 'i' within another variable 'j', you can only assume that 'j' is accessible sometimes, as it's not portable because in EBCDIC 'I' and 'J' are not adjacent. As George Bernard Shaw might say, the belief of a believer is no more contentious than the fact that a drunken man is happier at home than a sober one. The bliss of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality. For those using Linux who wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "Dear David Neary, Is there any mailing list or newsgroup for both beginners and advanced C programmers? I believe the Comp.lang.c FAQ would be a good starting point, as they usually provide links to recommended reading material. If you're serious about C programming, I suggest getting 'The C Programming Language' by Kernighan and Ritchie. For those more advanced, the equivalent book is 'C++' by Stroustrup. The 'C Guru of the Week' series can be found in book form and comes with extra material such as Herb Sutter's 'Essential C' and 'More Essential C'. They are truly handy resources. I always felt that the Comp.lang.c FAQ was not as comprehensive as other resources, but it can be found at <c-faq.com>. For unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users list, please visit their page. Best, " }, { "body": "At Satellite Street, StevenX, I dislike being compelled to learn something and generally choose not to comply. By the way, did you frequently burn yourself as a child, John Irish? For information regarding unsubscription, please refer to the instructions provided." }, { "body": "I have burn scars on both hands from past accidents, but I can handle a match if needed. Unfortunately, I dislike being compelled to learn new things and usually avoid doing so. Have you had many burn incidents in your childhood, John? If you wish to unsubscribe from our Irish Linux Users Group mailing list, please find the instructions below: Unsubscription Information for Irish Linux Users Group: " }, { "body": "Brian Foster wrote: Quoting Brian Foster: I performed mkfifo, captureavi yuvdenoise, tee, various operations, and finally cat, different operations, and it works well until one of them stops working (somebody dies). Yippee! A useless use of the 'cat' command has been removed from the line. In essence, a 'tee' would likely display an error message if one of them stops working, but the remaining ones would continue to receive data and hence run until it either completes or stops for reasons of its own, which is exactly what you want. It appears that my test involved teeing into a FIFO, I didn't read from the resulting FIFO, causing the other reader to remain indefinitely without realising that never opened for reading and opened later closed might be different behaviors. Sensible behavior has now been observed incidentally. If your shell and system both support process redirection, you could perform these operations as a one-liner. The syntax varies depending on the shell but in essence, 'mkfifo', 'captureavi yuvdenoise', 'tee', various operations, generate stats during the run so I give each one an xterm. Thanks Ronan, Irish Linux users for unsubscription information list." }, { "body": "It appears that using sysctl.conf is the recommended method to set procsysfsfilemax to a larger value. Could you please make the necessary changes in /etc/sysctl.conf and then test it without requiring a reboot? This modification will be particularly useful for John, Irish Linux users. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the mailing list, the relevant information is available." }, { "body": "It appears that using sysctlconf is the recommended method to set procsysfsfilemax to a larger number. I will modify the etcsysctl.conf file accordingly and make the necessary changes without requiring a reboot for testing purposes. Please note that this process may be system specific (sysctl, sysctl.platerker, Irish Linux users). If you wish to unsubscribe from further information on this topic, please follow the provided link." }, { "body": "John P Looney, I believe we can adjust procsysfsfilemax by modifying etcsysctl.conf. Could you please make the necessary change and check if this takes effect without a reboot for testing? Please refer to the sysctl command manual page for guidance. Also, for Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, kindly find it here." }, { "body": "On Wednesday, July K, Ken Humborg from Man Systems notified us that using 'sysctl a' instead of setting files in /sys/fs/sysfs/ was more helpful in resolving the issue with settingsysfsfilesnr. Kate Irish, Linux users from Ireland who were experiencing this problem are advised to unsubscribe for further information." }, { "body": "John P Looney, I believe that using sysctlconf is the optimal method for setting procsysfsfilemaxcat and procsysfsfilemaxta for Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe. If you require further information on this matter, please let me know." }, { "body": "Hello, I came across your email regarding a problem with booting Linux after wiping it from your PC. If you don't have a DOS boot disk, an alternative solution is to use Lilo (Linux Loader). You can install it using 'sudo apt-get install lilo'. After installation, you can use the command 'lilo -m /mnt/boot' where '/mnt/boot' is the location of your Linux partition. If you encounter any issues with Lilo, you can remove it using 'sudo lilo -u'. However, if you only have Tom's RTBT or something similar, you might find it more convenient to use that for booting instead. If you no longer wish to receive emails from this list, you can unsubscribe by following the instructions provided earlier." }, { "body": "Hi there, I've recently had to wipe Linux from my PC, but in the process I forgot to restore the original MBR. I was wondering if anyone knows how I can do this as Linux is entirely gone. Formatting the entire disk doesn't seem to work either. I'm an Irish user and if you could provide information on how to unsubscribe, that would be greatly appreciated. Best regards," }, { "body": "On Saturday, July 9th, Kevin Lyda shared a potential useful trick for those with active archiving habits. He suggests setting the recordmailoutboxdate variable in procmailrcmail subject as ilugdate my and mailboxes ilugdate my. Please note that this may cause threads to break at the start of each month. For more information on unsubscribing from this list, contact Gavin for the Irish Linux Users group." }, { "body": "Bryan Hunt suggested that you need to either use a bootable Windows floppy disk with fdisk MBR command or boot from a Linux boot disk and perform fdisk delete all partitions. I have a question regarding this matter: What if I don't want to destroy the OS on that drive by removing the MBR? How can I remove Lilo without performing the above fdisk procedure? In your previous email, you mentioned that you had to wipe Linux from your PC but forgot to restore the original MBR. If anyone knows how this can be done, please include the Irish Linux Users mailing list/newsgroup address and my email address for unsubscription information in your response." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Askins, I hope this message finds you well. You mentioned a concern regarding the use of 'fdisk mbr' and its potential impact on the operating system (OS). To clarify, using 'fdisk mbr' won't destroy your OS; instead, it will restore the Windows Master Boot Record (MBR) to its original state. However, performing a 'delete partition' operation within 'fdisk' could potentially erase the OS if you subsequently format the disc. To avoid this, if you don't wish to modify the MBR, I would advise against using the 'fdisk' procedure. Regarding your question about removing LILO without the 'fdisk' approach, unfortunately, I cannot provide a specific solution as it depends on the current configuration of your system. I recommend researching tutorials or seeking advice from a Linux community forum for help tailored to your situation. Lastly, I came across an interesting quote you might appreciate: 'Behind every great man, there is a woman urging him on.' - Harry Mudd, Stardate. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please find the necessary information below: Best regards, " }, { "body": "Regarding your inquiry about modifying the Master Boot Record (MBR), I would like to clarify some points. If you don't wish to get rid of the MBR, you should avoid performing the 'fdisk mbr' command as it will destroy the operating system on that drive by restoring a DOS MBR, leaving the partitions alone. Instead, to remove Lilo without the above fdisk procedure, you can use the following commands in Linux: 1. Boot into your Linux system. 2. Install the 'lilo' package if it is not already installed (using 'sudo apt-get install lilo' for Debian-based systems or 'yum install lilo' for Red Hat-based systems). 3. Unmount the partition containing the Lilo configuration file. 4. Run the command 'lilo -u /dev/ ' to uninstall Lilo. 5. Remount the partition." }, { "body": "Dear Ronan Cunniffe, I encountered an issue while trying to write to a FIFO. I didn't realize that 'neveropenedforreading' and 'openedandlaterclosed' might be different, which led to the other reader hanging indefinitely. This is one of those common pitfalls everyone tends to stumble upon. The writer of a 'neveropenedforreading' pipe will quickly block as soon as the pipe's buffer fills up, but the writer of an 'openedandlaterclosed' pipe will receive an 'epipe' error and the usual terminal 'sigpipe' signal. The typical confusion arises when someone creates an anonymous pipe without properly setting the reader's file descriptor in the writer process or vice versa, leading to questions about why the real reader never sees an EOF or why the writer doesn't receive an 'epipe' or 'sigpipe'. Many FAQs and numerous books probably delve deep into this topic. Adhering to sensible behavior has now been observed. Good luck! Cheers, BLF Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hello Faenorcodie, It is being circulated around here that Liam Bedford had an issue on Wednesday, July. He claimed to have wiped Linux from his PC but forgot to restore the original Master Boot Record (MBR). It seems like no one knows how he can restore it as Linux is entirely gone and formatting the entire disk does not help. Additionally, booting from DOS and using fdisk to modify MBR, or booting from an NT CD and choosing repair do not seem to work either. I was wondering if this issue could be addressed by Linux install disks as well, similar to how NT repairs a hard disk by removing other operating systems. Let me know if you have any insights on this. Best, Conor Daly, Domestic Systems Admin" }, { "body": "Dear David Neary, I apologize for any confusion caused by my previous message. You mentioned trying the 'altcomplanglearncc' newsgroups and found them unresponsive. I suspect there might be a typo in the group name. If it is indeed 'alt.comp.lang.learn.c++', I would like to clarify that I cannot vouch for its usefulness since I have never used the group myself. However, I do know a few individuals who hold high regard direct people there for beginner-type stuff. If you require any information regarding unsubscription from this list or wish to join the Irish Linux Users group, please let me know. Cheers, Dave Neary, Marseille, France" }, { "body": "It is rumored here that Niall O' Broin is installing warm standby disks on several boxes. These disks will be the same size or larger than the main disk, and every night he will rsync the partitions on the main disk to the standby disk. In case of a disaster, the first action would be to check the standby disk before the tapes. We considered using Linux md raid on the disks but decided against it as raid does not provide protection against human errors such as slips of the finger. If there is a slip of the finger, we can mount the relevant partition and retrieve the damaged file. In case of a disk crash, we plan to replace the main disk with the standby disk and the workstation will be back up as soon as possible so that we can deal with replacing the disk without the pressure of a broken box on our back. However, I am stuck as to how to install Lilo on the backup disk. Let's say the master disk is devhda and the backup disk is devhdb. The liloconf currently looks like this: boot devhda, changerules reset, readonly, menuscheme, etc. If I had booted from a CD and wanted to reinstall Lilo on this disk, I would do something like mount mnt, mount mntboot, lilo r mnt, which is ok because I am installing Lilo on devhda and want it to boot from devhda. However, in the case of the standby disk, I will have to do something different as I want to install onto devhdb in such a way that the disk will boot when it becomes devhda after a disaster like the one I had this morning: shutting the stable door was on the todo list but the horse decided to run away early. The machine already has its spare disk, just hadn't yet been used. I thought perhaps I should just do lilo b devhdb r mnt but I think that 'b' is analogous to the boot keyword in liloconf or will this just work automatically? ie boot devhda tells Lilo what numbers to poke where and it figures out where the disk is from the 'r' from the hard disk upgrade mini. Thanks to Rick Masters for helping with this. We are assuming that Lilo is installed on the hard disks master boot record mbr, which seems to be the most common configuration. You want to install Lilo on what's presently the second hard disk but will become the first hard disk. Edit the file newdisketcliloconf as diskdevhdb and tell Lilo to treat the second disk as if it were the first disk. Boot devhdb and install Lilo on the second hard disk. Map a new disk boot map in the location of the map file, install the newdiskbootbootb file to copy to the hard disks boot sector. Provide a lilo prompt, set the boot default system after a certain number of seconds (the value is in tenths of seconds), provide the location of the newdiskbootvmlinuz (the actual name may include a version number for example label linux). Location of root partition on the new hard disk should be modified appropriately. Note that you must use the name of the future location once the old disk has been removed. The 'readonly' mount partition is readonly at first to run fsck, and 'Conor Daly' is a domestic sysadmin and 'FaenorCodie up days users load hobbitonCodie up days min user load Irish Linux users for unsubscription information list." }, { "body": "David Neary mentioned that there are no specific mailing lists for C beginners and advanced programmers, but he suggests trying the following newsgroups. Unfortunately, it seems they did not work for him. He also advises keeping a bookmark pointing to the comp.lang.c FAQ for tutorials. The person who maintains the clc FAQ is Steve Summit, who also has a tutorial available. Additionally, you might find the exercises he poses on his website useful (all linked from for c). It's likely that the comp.lang.c FAQ is a good starting point as they might have links to suggested reading material. If you plan to do any amount of C programming, David suggests getting 'The C Programming Language' by Kernighan and Ritchie. For those studying C++, he recommends Stroustrup's book (although the C book is much larger). Please remember to include the newsgroup address, your email address in Irish for unsubscription information in any replies, if applicable." }, { "body": "Hello, I recently wiped Linux from my PC, but unfortunately forgot to restore the original Master Boot Record (MBR). Do you know how I can do this? Linux is entirely gone and formatting the entire disk doesn't seem to work either. The easy solution might be to install any operating system, such as Microsoft or another OS, which should overwrite the MBR. However, the problem often arises when these installers seem to forever overwrite your MBRs without asking for permission. I hope this helps! If you have a different solution, please let me know. Cheers, Best Regards," }, { "body": "It appears that Fergus Daly's system supports Chinese input out of the box with MiniInput and some other components. Unfortunately, there seems to be little documentation available, and Google isn't much help in this regard. From my understanding, there are multiple ways to input scripts such as Chinese, and the choice depends on personal preference, equipment (like your keyboard), and the application in question. There seem to be two main methods: one unique to the tool itself, often referred to as Yudit, or using what's called an XIM (X Input Method). I'm making some educated guesses here based on my interpretation of what I've read and observed. XIMs generally work as a complex compose frontend, where you build up your character as a series of composes of the root or fundamental strokes, radicals I believe they are called, and then commit the composite character to the application. Yes, keyboarding these scripts is quite slow, and a good typist can only do a few characters per minute. Using a QWERTY keyboard for this purpose is believed to be quite painful. Some XIMs compose in place, others do it on a special line, and some seem to do it in a special window or the root. Also, some XIMs apparently support a US-ASCII input mode as well, not a general Latin alphabet input mode which seems to require another TLA called KBD, and which apparently doesn't work when an XIM is also being used, implying you have to switch back and forth between US-ASCII input mode (what English speakers would call normal keyboarding) and the other input (like Chinese). I'm not sure, but I have the impression that the switch is often a toggle. Please note that this information might be incorrect or misleading. If you're using the so-called Limbo release, you may be using a locale by default already. Lastly, do not buy Esso as they don't seem to care about global warming, supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "It appears that Brian Foster and Fergal Daly seem to support Chinese input 'out of the box', with MiniChinput and other features. Unfortunately, there seems to be no documentation available on this matter. One possible source of information could be the WRT applications or what's known as an XIM (X Input Method). I found some hits on Google for 'xim Linux'. It appears that CJK stands for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. I recommend reading with a browser that understands these languages. Regarding your question, you might find it best to start with the information you've gathered so far. Brian Foster is an innovative, very experienced Unix user and an expert in Chorus Embedded RTOS kernel internals, currently seeking a new position or a resume. His contact details and more can be found on his website. He is also known for his expertise in embedded systems and supports initiatives such as Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth against global warming. If you wish to unsubscribe from this list, you can find instructions here." }, { "body": "Dear Stevenx, I'm writing to discuss a matter regarding your experience with Irish in primary school. It seems that the method of teaching Irish left you feeling forced and uncomfortable. You were made to identify items on a projector screen, even when you weren't familiar with the language, which created a negative association for you. You mention that while you studied Irish for years, your proficiency in German, learned over a shorter period, was superior. This suggests a problem not only with Irish teaching methods but also with French education, given your experience with both languages. It's interesting to note that while many share similar sentiments about the way Irish is taught, I seldom hear complaints about being forced to learn to read and write or do maths. Perhaps it's because these subjects are perceived as more useful skills. As an Irish Linux user, if you wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please find the necessary information below. Best regards, Nick" }, { "body": "Dear Liam Bedford, Regarding your statement on Wednesday, July 1st in solocdm, you suggested that Bryan needs to do a fdisk MBR from a bootable Windows floppy or alternatively boot from a Linux boot disk and do fdisk delete all partitions. I have a question about this issue. If I don't want to get rid of the MBR as it will destroy the OS on that drive, how can I remove LILO without using the above fdisk procedure? Performing fdisk MBR would restore a DOS MBR, but leave the partitions alone. Deleting all Linux partitions with fdisk will actually leave LILO in the MBR. Currently, when I execute fdisk MBR on my Linux drive (which is not related to the MBR drive), the following message appears: 'mbr is on a separate drive not related to the Linux drive'. When you reply, please include the mailing list/newsgroup address and my email address for Irish Linux Users for unsubscription information. Best regards, " }, { "body": "In the email, Brian Foster discusses the process of composing Chinese characters using XIM (X Input Method) systems. These systems work by creating a character as a series of composites or combinations of root or fundamental strokes, which are often called radicals. Typing these scripts is slow, and even a fast typist can only manage a few characters per minute. One example given is the Pinyin input method where you phonetically spell out each character using the Pinyin romanization rules (e.g., zhong guo for China is entered by typing zhong and then being presented with a list of possible matches, with the most common first in a numbered list). Other methods are more keystroke-efficient but lose the phonetic simplicity of Pinyin. Some XIMs compose characters in place, while others do it on a special line or in a special window. Some also support a US ASCII input mode, although this seems to require another TLA (Three Letter Acronym) called kbd and does not work when an XIM is also being used, implying you have to switch back and forth between US ASCII input and the other input (e.g., Chinese IM). The toggle for switching between the two is often 'Ctrl Space'." }, { "body": "Hi there, I've observed connections from my recently installed machine to the following IP addresses, which resolve to cytocinhub.benet using ccomnet speakasy network and DNS servers respectively. The connections lasted about 30 seconds and were approximately 2 minutes apart. I couldn't identify the processes they originated from, but I am closely monitoring the situation now. I appreciate your assistance. Unfortunately, I can't subscribe to the list at the moment due to some reason. Could you please reply directly with the unsubscription information for Irish Linux users?" }, { "body": "Dear Irish Linux Users, We noticed that you are subscribed to our local Irish wildlife updates. If you find these updates boring or unnecessary, we would appreciate it if you could unsubscribe. To do so, please follow the instructions below: 1. Open your email client. 2. Locate the email with the subject 'Irish Wildlife Updates'. 3. Click on the 'Unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the email. 4. Confirm your decision to unsubscribe. Thank you for your time and consideration. Best regards, " }, { "body": "I've discovered an outdated device that I intend to revive once I figure out the issue with the console I'm using in conjunction with minicom. I'm encountering strange characters such as sqinet : sqpmq sqsq : i n q ssl sq : ai qi : unix sqsq wso, which suggests a mismatch of settings in various places. Online resources indicate that Cobalts are typically set up with serial ports, but someone may have altered it on this specific box. Could anyone offer an educated guess as to what the problem might be? For those interested in unsubscribing, please find the instructions here." }, { "body": "On Thursday, August John P Looney discovered a device that needs restoration after addressing some issues with the console I'm using in conjunction with minicom. I've noticed some unusual behavior, but it might be a typical baud rate for serial port connections. If you're experiencing these issues, the baud rate may be correct. It seems like high ASCII, so adjusting the tty type (e.g., ansivt) could help. The problem appears to stem from a setting mismatch in various places. Some resources indicate that Cobalts are set up with serial ports, but someone might have altered it on this specific box. Regards, JMCC. For information regarding unsubscription, please visit the Irish Linux Users website." }, { "body": "Dear Irish Linux Users, This email is to inform you that if you wish to unsubscribe from our SasinFamilyAfinetdavid list, please find below the necessary instructions: Thank you for your time and support. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "I'm writing to provide a solution for finding out the time a file was created. The requested information is not always available directly, and it's crucial to note that only the times of last access (atime), last data modification (mtime), last file status change (ctime) are readily accessible in most systems. These times are measured in seconds since UTC Jan. If the file status hasn't changed since its creation, the information is also shown by 'ls -lc', but parsing 'ls' output requires some effort. A more efficient approach would be to write a short C program that directly accesses the file status and outputs the ctime (seconds since the epoch) for a perfect numerical comparison. Another method is to use GNU find with printf, customizing it to print the last status change time of the specific file in the format returned by the C ctime function. This is particularly useful for Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe or need further information." }, { "body": "On Thursday, August John P Looney discovered a seemingly decrepit device that he intends to revive once he figures out the issue with the console he's using in conjunction with minicom. He's encountering unusual characters such as 'sq inet', 'sq p mq sq sq', and 'i n q ssl'. It appears there might be a setting mismatch somewhere. Multiple online sources suggest that Cobalts are typically set up with serial ports, but it's possible that someone altered the configuration on this specific box. One theory is that it could be toggling the alternative character set. If this is indeed the case, providing 'o' to the tty might flip it back. For any Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "On Thursday, August , at Padraig Brady's, I came across some local Irish wildlife. Was I bored or what? I believe that might be one of my nice Waiyip stuffed ones, Kate. If you are one of our Irish Linux users and would like to unsubscribe from our list, please provide the necessary information." }, { "body": "It appears there might be a configuration mismatch on the 'Paul McAuley' box, as indicated by some irregularities found in various places on the web. The box is reportedly set up with serial ports, but it seems someone may have changed the settings for this specific unit. One possible explanation could be that it's toggling the alternate character set. If this is the case, rebooting the system or sending 'o' to the tty should flip it back to normal. Is it okay now? Assuming this could have occurred if the terminal was initially in a different mode, displaying strange characters. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please find it from the list." }, { "body": "I'm encountering an unusual issue with one user, Alfred, on our small network that uses SSH. Every user in the network utilizes SSH and an SSH agent on login, which works fine for navigating around the network and accessing some of our external boxes - until today. Suddenly, when Alfred tries to SSH anywhere, he's prompted for a password. He claims nothing has been changed, but I believe him. I attempted to generate new keys using 'ssh-keygen', which didn't help. I created a new user, Alfio, into whose home directory I copied Alfred's SSH directory. Alfio can roam freely without being asked for a password except for the passphrase to load the identity into the agent, unless there was something else in Alfred's environment. I copied Alfred's home directory to Alfio's, remembering to change ownership afterwards, but even Alfio still roams free as a bird. The issue seems to be linked to Alfred as it occurs when he logs in on different workstations and all other users, including Alfio, don't experience any problems. Our system uses only DSA keys. I've included an extract from a ssh debug log for both users below: For Alfred: Authentications that can publickey/password Next auth method to try is publickey (testing agent key home: alfredsshiddsa) Authentications that can publickey/password For Alfio: Authentications that can publickey/password Next auth method to try is publickey (testing agent key home: alfiosshiddsa) Before starting an SSH attempt, 'ssh-add l' for both users. For Alfred, it shows 'nfshome: alfredsshiddsa', while for Alfio, it displays 'alfiosshiddsa'. This problem appears to be related specifically to Alfred as a user." }, { "body": "I've received news from Kevin Patrick Scannell, author of the IrishLanguageIsSpell dictionary, IsSpellGaelteach, discussed a while ago. He has revised it and also added a version for the superior Aspell package, AspellGaelteach. This is particularly exciting news for OpenOffice users. In other news, a young girl in a surreal landscape kills the first woman she meets, followed by teaming up with three strangers to kill again - this is the plot description of the movie Rick's Moen (Rick Polito's TV show). For information on unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users list, kindly refer to that." }, { "body": "Liam Bedford MBR will restore a DOS MBR, ensuring it does not disturb the partitions. If the MBR does not conclude with a valid boot signature, it will erase the entries in the MBR. Please note that this action might clear partition table entries." }, { "body": "For unsubscription information, please visit our website or contact us at your convenience." }, { "body": "I will be out of office from until Tuesday, August . I will respond to messages upon my return. Please note that the information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged. It is intended solely for the addressee. Unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, distribution or any action taken or omitted in reliance on it is prohibited and may be unlawful. If you are not the intended recipient, please contact the sender immediately and dispose of this email. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, kindly follow the provided instructions." }, { "body": "Greetings, I've rephrased your email for better readability: I swear by God, you need to be extremely careful when dealing with Dell machines and Linux. My laptop is the only Dell I've had thus far that a quick clean install of Linux could be done on without issues. However, recently, it seems that some cheaper pieces of hardware such as Ethernet cards, modems, sound cards, and graphics are incompatible or unsupported. I don't know how long I've spent banging my head against the wall with these troublesome Dell machines! The IT admin of the company I'm currently in has ordered these budget machines, but they seem to be getting the components cheaper as well. If you decide to buy from Dell, be cautious about what you order, as the default config cheapo machines are always a headache. Here's my experience with our new Dell machines: I tried installing Red Hat Linux, and it didn't seem to want to recognize the onboard Intel graphics card, which doesn't have dedicated memory and takes it from the onboard RAM. I was wondering if anyone has gotten these machines working with Linux, specifically regarding this graphics card issue. When I installed a PCI Diamond Stealth VRAM card, xconfigurator autodetected it without any issues along with my Sun monitor. However, whenever it tries to test the configuration, it fails, and the screen is left with a blue background, and all of the text is blue. Does anyone have any idea what the problem might be or how to fix it? I hope this information helps! Best regards, Declan Houlihan" }, { "body": "I assure you, when it comes to Dell machines and Linux, one must exercise extreme caution as some components such as Ethernet cards, modems, sound cards, and graphics can be incompatible or unsupported. We've recently received new Dell machines at work for use with Linux, and I'm tasked with installing it. I encountered an issue with the graphics card being an onboard Intel DVMT chip without dedicated memory; it draws from the onboard RAM. The onboard DVMT card, however, uses an Intel GGL chipset or provides more specific information. I found assistance available for the chipset, and it includes drivers for the chipset. For those interested in unsubscribing from Steve Irish's Linux users group, instructions can be found elsewhere (not through personal experience)." }, { "body": "Hello Niall, I've been pondering an unusual issue in our small network involving a user named Alfred. All users utilize SSH, and they run an SSH agent on login, which works seamlessly for navigating the network and external boxes - until today. Now, when Alfred attempts to SSH anywhere, he is prompted for a password, even though he claims he hasn't changed anything. I have attempted to create new keys using 'ssh-keygen', but that did not resolve the issue. I created a new user named Alfio and copied Alfred's SSH directory into Alfio's home directory, ensuring proper ownership and permissions. However, this has not resolved the problem. For reference, here is an extract from the SSH log for both users: For Alfio: - got authentications that can publickey-password, next auth method to try is publickey, testing agent key home: /home/alfiossh/id_dsa, pkalg sshdss, blen: 167, lastkey hint method: publickey, For Alfred: - got authentications that can publickey-password, next auth method to try is publickey, testing agent key home: /home/alfredssh/id_dsa, and before starting this SSH attempt, 'ssh-add l' for Alfred home: /home/alfredssh/id_dsa dsa. This problem appears to be related specifically to Alfred, as it occurs when he logs in on different workstations, all of which NFS mount the same home directories. The other users, including Alfio, do not experience any issues. I hope this helps in resolving the issue. Let me know if there's anything more you need or any additional steps to take. Regards, " }, { "body": "Although I'm planning to purchase my next computer from Dell, I must caution you about buying a random Dell box without being extremely careful. It could potentially lead to a lot of hair-tearing moments when dealing with Linux on such machines. These machines often come with cheap hardware components like Ethernet cards, modems, sound cards, and graphics that are either incompatible or unsupported. I recently received some new Dell machines at work for which we're supposed to install Linux. I encountered issues during the installation of Redhat as it refused to acknowledge the onboard Intel DVMT chip graphics card, which doesn't have dedicated memory. Instead, it takes it from the onboard RAM. However, the onboard DVMT card seems to have an Intel GMA chipset or contains more specific information. I found help available for this issue. There are also drivers available for the chipset, although I haven't personally used them myself. Steve Irish Linux Users provide these drivers and offer unsubscription information. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the list, here is the relevant information." }, { "body": "John P Looney writes on Thursday, August , to Padraig Brady. It seems John was asking if you were bored or not. He mentioned that the subject of your conversation might be one of his Way-Ip stuffed animals. He mentioned that he had an extra one and asked if you would like a pint. For information on unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users group, please see details below." }, { "body": "On Friday, I want to clarify that my comment about Dell was not a general criticism of the brand. In fact, my next machine will be a Dell. However, purchasing a random Dell box might lead to excessive hair-pulling. The same issue arises when buying any new machine - compatibility problems with a six-month-old set of drivers. This is also true for Windows; you often need to manually update your drivers. Dell does use the most recent stuff they can, which is not necessarily a bad thing. However, it might cause issues for those who hope a distribution will work out-of-the-box. This issue seems particularly relevant to Irish Linux users looking to unsubscribe." }, { "body": "Hello, Quake has been installed on my computer, but it begins to run fine until graphics start when it crashes, complaining about an error in 'sisdrvo'. I understand that the program doesn't support bit depth. However, I am wondering if there is a way to make Quake start up in bit depth as I couldn't find relevant information online. Regards, " }, { "body": "On Friday, August at Padraig Brady's place, it seems you may have one of my extra Waiyip stuffed animals. I thought I had an extra one. If you are mating them in Longford, please keep it until it has chicks and then send me two. For unsubscription information for Kate Irish Linux users, here is the list." }, { "body": "Received this information on the secure shell mailing list. Conor Daly forwarded a message about a potential Trojan in the latest OpenSSH. If you are using Red Hat Linux, please be cautious when loading this email and any accompanying files as they are confidential and intended for the individual or entity they were addressed to. If received in error, please notify the system manager. This footnote confirms that this email has been scanned for computer viruses. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, kindly refer to the list." }, { "body": "Dear User, Unfortunately, there may be issues when using a specific distribution of Linux 'out of the box' with Dell systems. However, it is still quite easy to determine what components (if any) may cause problems for your chosen distribution version. To do this, simply check the support section on dell.com and match the system model. Then, look for downloadable drivers from these resources. If there are no Linux drivers available, you can usually find out the chipset of each device by plugging them into Google with the term 'Linux'. People's discussions about these chipsets should give you some insight. Keep in mind that when you buy the system, you will be told the model of each device rather than the chipset, so further investigation may be necessary. Please note that it is important to know exactly what you are buying. Unfortunately, in most cases, it is not the person who bought the systems that will be configuring them. For unsubscription information, please visit: Steve Irish Linux Users List" }, { "body": "It appears that a Trojan has been detected in the latest OpenSSH. Remarkably, it was identified within hours due to the FreeBSD Ports system's ability to automatically check for such threats. A believer's happiness exceeds a skeptic's, and this is no more debatable than the fact that a drunk man finds more joy at home than a sober one. The fleeting pleasure of credulity can be cheap and dangerous. For information on unsubscribing from this list, please refer to the instructions below." }, { "body": "Dear User, I'm writing to clarify my recent experience with a Dell machine. While I highly recommend Dell for their excellent hardware and after-sales support, it's important to note that not all of their boxes may work seamlessly with Linux, especially the budget models. This is because they sometimes come with hardware incompatible with Linux. If you're planning to use a Dell machine for Linux and want to avoid spending excessive time troubleshooting, I strongly advise doing thorough research before purchasing. This is not meant as criticism of Dell, as my next machine will also be from them. However, it's crucial to be aware that using Linux with a randomly chosen Dell box may lead to frustration due to compatibility issues. Best Regards, John P Looney" }, { "body": "When I receive a box, I do not want any integrated chipset or operating system-specific hardware. It's reminiscent of IBM's Mwave. Instead, consider buying a Dell Dimension as an alternative. However, if you need the box for Linux and value your time, ensure you conduct thorough research before purchasing. Blindly buying a machine with the hope that it will work well with Linux is beyond naive. Utilize various support mailing lists, websites, and so on to make informed decisions about compatibility. If possible, avoid machines with Windows-only hardware. I recall no squabble between Dell and Microsoft when they expanded their product range to include Red Hat (DellRedhat Alliance). My Inspiron was produced under this alliance, making many Dell systems easily configurable with RHL. Unfortunately, since Dell has lost interest in Linux, their newer, cheaper boxes are largely Linux-incompatible in minor ways. While it may seem that the incompatibility is deliberate, I've never found a Dell system that could not run Linux (although there have been headaches in the past while setting it up). For unsubscription information for Steve Irish's Linux Users list," }, { "body": "Hello Gregory McRandal, It seems that Quake is not starting up correctly on your computer due to an error in sisdrvo. From what I understand, Quake does not support bit depth. However, it might be beneficial for you to check the color depth of your x session and try changing the default depth to 32-bit (or any supported depth) before restarting X. This may help resolve the issue. Please let me know what Linux distribution you are using so I can provide more tailored instructions if necessary. Regards, Steve" }, { "body": "Dear Wynne Conors, It sounds like you've set up a cron job to perform a full backup to a tape drive. You're asking how to verify that it ran successfully. The email mentions that a mail should be sent to 'root' when the crontab is run as root. This appears correct, but if no email is received, you might want to check the system logs. The logs are usually located in '/var/log/cron' or '/var/log/cron.daily'. Have a look in these logs to make sure your backup ran without errors. Typically, any output from the commands you've run will be mailed to you if there is any. Best Regards, Philip Reynolds, RFC Networks, Irish Linux Users (for unsubscription information visit www.rfcnetworks.com)" }, { "body": "Hi there, I set up a cron job to perform a full backup to the tape drive last night. I was wondering if there's a way for me to verify that it actually ran? I assume an email would be sent to 'root' as I ran 'crontab -e' while logged in as root. Is this correct, or should I be looking elsewhere? Thanks in advance for any help provided. For unsubscription information, please refer to the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "Hi Conor, I set up a cron job to perform a full backup to tape drive last night. I'm just checking to see if it ran successfully. I presume that an email will be sent to root as I ran 'crontab -e' as root. Is this correct? Or should I look elsewhere for verification? If so, could you please guide me on where to find the logs, the username of the job run and its PID? Regarding Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, what information do they need to do so?" }, { "body": "Ciaran Mac Lochlainn clarified that Liam Bedford stated the fdisk MBR will restore a DOS MBR, but it won't affect the partitions as Linux fdisk will delete all partitions. However, when executed in Linux, the 'fdisk mbr' command is not available; instead, Linux users should use 'lilo'. The drive containing the MBR is separate from the Linux drive and if John Reilly was correct about running 'lilo u devhda' yesterday, it didn't work for you. To make it function correctly, an original copy of the MBR must be in the boot directory. Unfortunately, the installation of Linux Mandrake did not allow this during setup. Ciaran is grateful for clarification on the fdisk issue and understands it better now. Previously, he was under the impression that fdisk had a hidden switch, but this appears to be incorrect. When you reply to this message, please include the mailing list or newsgroup address and your email address for unsubscription information for solocdm (Irish Linux Users) list." }, { "body": "Bryan Hunt suggested choosing the repair option when installing Windows, but you mentioned needing to remove Lilo (Linux Loader). If you don't wish to destroy the OS on that drive by deleting the Master Boot Record (MBR), you need another approach for removing Lilo. One possible method is to boot from a Linux Live CD and use the 'fdisk -l' command to find your Linux partition, then 'mount /dev/sdaX /mnt' where X is the number of your Linux partition, followed by 'rm /mnt/boot/grub/grub.cfg' or 'rm /mnt/boot/lilo.conf' to remove the respective boot configuration files. This method does not involve deleting all partitions as suggested in the original message." }, { "body": "Dear Bryan Hunt, When you boot from the Windows installation CD, it provides you with two options - installing a new system or repairing an existing one. If you choose the latter, it is known as the 'repair option'. For unsubscription information, Irish Linux users can make some extra effort to find it. Regards, Colm Buckley" }, { "body": "Hello, I hope this message finds you well. I'm writing to clarify a few steps regarding the removal of Lilo and restoring the Master Boot Record (MBR) on your PC. It seems that during the process of wiping Linux from your system, you may have accidentally removed the MBR. To restore it without formatting the entire disk, here are the steps you can follow: 1. Boot from a bootable Windows floppy disk or a Linux boot disk. 2. If booting from Linux, execute the command 'fdisk' to access the fdisk shell. 3. In the fdisk shell, type 'm' to display the fdisk help menu. 4. Type 'd' to delete a partition. 5. Type 'p' to list partitions. 6. Select the partition that contains your operating system (usually '1'). 7. Type 'w' to write the changes and exit fdisk. However, if you do not wish to delete the MBR entirely but just remove Lilo, you can use the following command in a Linux terminal: 'sudo rm /etc/lilo.conf' This will remove the Lilo configuration file, effectively disabling Lilo. Please note that these steps are provided as a general guide and may vary slightly depending on your specific system configuration. Always be careful when making changes to your system, especially during the boot process. Regarding the mailing list and unsubscription information for Irish Linux Users (ilug), you can find it at the following address: irish-linux@lists.alioth.debian.org To unsubscribe, follow the instructions provided in the email footer. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hello everyone, today I am reaching out to you with a different role in mind. We are searching for an experienced System Administrator. If this interests you, please get in touch with me directly. The job entails managing both Windows NT and Linux Debian systems as well as network administration. The successful candidate should possess a deep understanding of both environments. Key responsibilities include maintaining and developing our IT and production infrastructure, including secure WAN networking to remote offices, email systems management, backups, and more. Experience in handling larger networks is required. Additional desired qualifications include development and implementation research experience. Furthermore, the position involves internal IT support for a primarily Windows network with approximately 50 users across various locations. The remuneration package will be performance-based, offering a bonus scheme, health insurance, stock options, and participation in a company-backed pension plan. Please contact me directly if you wish to apply." }, { "body": "Dear User, In your previous message, Hunt Bryan mentioned choosing the 'Repair Option' while installing Windows. The Repair Option is actually a feature provided by Windows that allows you to fix issues with an existing installation of Windows without reinstalling it entirely. When you choose Setup NT from the installation CD and reboot your system, it will provide this repair option when it boots up. Last night, during your attempt to use this option, it seems like something went wrong as the Check MBR option didn't overwrite the Master Boot Record (MBR) as expected. This could indicate that your disk is damaged or there might be a misunderstanding in the process. For our Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please find the unsubscription instructions below: Unsubscribe Instructions for Irish Linux Users: 1. Navigate to the email settings or preferences within your account. 2. Locate the option to manage subscriptions or newsletters. 3. Find the subscription corresponding to our service and click 'Unsubscribe'. We hope this helps! Please let us know if you encounter any further issues. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Colm Buckley, Regarding the job on August 5th, it's for a Windows NT and both Debian and Ubuntu Linux systems. I understand your concerns about the pace of work, but I would like to clarify that we are committed to delivering quality results. If you wish to unsubscribe from our communication list, please provide the necessary information. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Hello, It appears that you're using Hi and it seems to support Chinese input out of the box with MiniInput and some other features, but there's no documentation that I could find useful. The Chinesehowto, which was previously included with Red Hat, is no longer available, unfortunately. It's not clear if they are hidden on one of the disks or have been removed entirely. I found Google to be somewhat unhelpful in this regard as well. Brian mentioned an example approach called xcin, and hinted that pressing shift-space can switch you back to typing in English. Your typing speed will depend greatly on how well you are acquainted with the input method and, in some cases, how proficient you are at constructing Chinese characters. I've seen people using electronic pen and tablet devices for simple character entry, but that was in a Windows environment. The views expressed here are my personal opinions and do not reflect any opinions held by my employer, Sun Microsystems. Any statements regarding Sun products should be taken as speculative rather than factual or definitive. For information on unsubscribing from this list, please refer to the instructions provided for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Dear Conor, It seems your CRT monitor has been damaged due to a flood and you're considering an LCD replacement since you'll be traveling to the continent next week. Given the vastness of the continent, could you please specify where you will be going so I can suggest suitable sources for purchase. If you decide to buy abroad, do remember to test it extensively as many places may not have facilities for that. You asked if any LCD monitor would work and whether there are specific incantations required. Generally, most monitors should function without issues as they all have VGA connectors. However, a half-decent brand will be recognized by XFree setup programs in modern distributions. If you have the budget, it might be wise to consider insurance for the damaged monitor. Regarding the monitor that got caught in a flood, getting a replacement with a DVI input is advisable as it provides a better picture quality compared to VGA. This is because DVI gives you a direct connection from video RAM pixels to monitor pixels, eliminating the analog stage. The best pictures I've ever seen on a computer are on my notebook screen, which doesn't use DVI but an internal connection with similar effects. As for brands, Iiyama is one I recommend and they seem to have a Europe-wide warranty. For unsubscription information, please find it here: Best, Dave Neary" }, { "body": "Regarding your concern about Linux compatibility with Dell systems, I'd like to clarify a few points. The new systems that any company sells, whether they have Linux or Windows installed, can be easily reinstalled with Linux. However, it should be noted that products sold with Windows may not be compatible due to specific system configurations. I've never found a Dell system where it was impossible to install Red Hat (rh), but I've had minor issues in the past, particularly when Dell was an early adopter of new hardware such as Adaptec SCSI chipsets, which might not have been included in all installation kernels. This is a risk you take when purchasing hardware systems for Linux without verifying chipset support first. Over the years, Dell has caused less trouble in this area compared to many competitors. As for the phrase 'if c gives you enough rope to hang yourself then c give you enough rick moen to bind and gag your neighborhood rig...', I believe it's a metaphorical expression that doesn't directly relate to our discussion about Linux compatibility with Dell systems. For information on how to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, please refer to their instructions." }, { "body": "Dear All, Today, Colm Buckley is wearing his other hat and we are in search of a competent and experienced System Administrator. If you are interested, please do not hesitate to contact me. The position primarily involves corporate Windows desktop support, with experience in Windows NT and Linux (Debian) being preferable, although we predominantly use Red Hat. Please note that as time goes on, the Linux responsibilities may increase or decrease depending on our needs. If you are comfortable up to the Debian part, feel free to reach out. Thank you, Kevin P.S. A believer is happier than a skeptic and there is no more disputing the fact that a drunken man is happier meatspace home than a sober one. The joy of credulity, though cheap and dangerous, is a quality often found in Linux users. For those wishing to unsubscribe from this list, please find the relevant information below. Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Gregory McRandal, It seems that Quake is encountering an issue on your computer when the graphics start, specifically mentioning an error in 'sisdrvo'. From my understanding, Quake does not support bit depth. However, if your graphics card has its own messaging drivers, it may be necessary to remove the one provided with Quake (especially if you're using an Nvidia card). I suggest reviewing the documentation for your Linux graphics card drivers to find instructions on how to do this. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Dear Recipient, Lars Hecking requests a quick question regarding shell scripts. Specifically, he is inquiring about how to determine the time a file was created. There isn't a canonical test for this, and the information may not always be available. While it can be shown by using 'ls -lc', parsing ls output requires some effort. Lars suggests writing a short C program to access the file status directly and output the creation time in seconds since the epoch (perfect for numerical comparison). Some systems have a tool, but he isn't sure if it's GNU; this tool, when given the 't' option, should do what Lars is looking for (stat t etcmotd etc). The minor issue is that the 't' format isn't actually explained in the man page, but it's easy to work out or you can look at the source. However, a bizarre problem arises with filenames containing spaces or newlines which may confuse a simple script. Therefore, a more robust solution might be using GNU find and printf with a custom format. Best regards, P.S. For the record, Brian Foster is an innovative, very experienced Unix user from Dublin, Ireland who specializes in Chorus Embedded RTOS Kernel Internals. He is currently looking for a new position or can be contacted through his website. He is also a supporter of efforts against global warming and has been supported by Greenpeace, Friends of the Earth, and numerous other Irish Linux users. For unsubscription information, please refer to the list." }, { "body": "Hello Team, I'm seeking assistance with an issue I've been experiencing. I have a server that was previously used as ESmitth, based on CentOS and connected to a hub along with a laptop and workstation. The server provides DHCP amongst other services. The problem lies in intermittent network issues - if I ping the laptop from the workstation or vice versa, there are no problems; however, when I ping the server from either the laptop or workstation, it will respond to a few packets (ranging from 2 to 5) and then stop responding. It will resume again after some time. The server doesn't seem to be overloaded, and its configuration in /etc/modules, /etc/modprobe.conf, and /etc/sysctl.conf appears to be correct. There is an option for something called 'hisax' in /etc/modules.conf, but the machine doesn't have it. The routing shows as going through correctly. Any insights or help on this matter would be greatly appreciated. Best, Eamonn" }, { "body": "Hello, I'm sorry for any confusion, but it appears the device in question does not support Hisax - this is one of the ISDN modules. Therefore, this option does not apply to your current situation and will not affect your system. Unfortunately, I can't assist with the remaining issues. If you need help with unsubscribing from our mailing list, please find the relevant information below." }, { "body": "Hi Conor, It's rumored here that Niall O Broin also had a similar issue with his monitor drowning in a flood and having a burned circuit board. I'm considering an LCD replacement as I'll be traveling to the continent next week. I was wondering if you knew any good sources for buying one there at a reasonable price. Since it's a large continent, knowing where you're going might help suggest sources. If you're buying abroad, make sure you get to test it in multiple places as many won't have facilities for that. Regarding the LCD monitor, I wonder if I can just plug it in and expect it to work or if there are specific incantations needed for it to work. Also, will it be difficult to bring it back to the shop once I'm home in Dublin and find it doesn't work? Any monitor should just work, they all have VGA connectors and any half-decent brand will be recognized by Xfree setup programs in modern distributions. However, if you have the budget for insurance in case the monitor dies. You mentioned your monitor got caught in a bathroom upstairs flood and started clicking rapidly and smoking before it was unplugged. I assume a monitor with a DVI input would be best in this case as it provides a much better picture than VGA. This would require an investment in a DVI out video card and another KVM to suit, given that your current one serves as the single monitor for Boxen via a VGA KVM switch. Conor, if you have time, could you clarify some things? Are you looking for information on how to test the LCD monitor with Linux or just ensuring it works by turning it on? Also, can any VGA version simply plug into place or are there specific considerations needed?" }, { "body": "Dear Team, Eamonn Shinners has reached out for assistance regarding a network issue. The server in question, which previously used ESmitth, is now connected to a hub and also serves as the DHCP provider for a laptop and workstation. The problem lies in intermittent network disruptions when pinging either the laptop from the workstation or vice versa; however, no issues arise if pinging either device directly. Should this be new behavior in a previously functioning network? If so, Eamonn suggests several troubleshooting steps: 1. Test the cables by swapping their connections between machines. 2. Check the hub ports by switching the cable positions. 3. Run 'ifconfig' on the server to identify any errors and their types. 4. Test the network card by replacing it with a newer model, preferably a Realtek-based one. 5. If there is a spare PCI slot available on the server, consider installing a more modern, less bloated network card without a DOS config utility or jumper settings. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, please find the relevant information below." }, { "body": "I have attempted various methods to make the command 'ln' create a symbolic link with an option, but it was unsuccessful. Could you clarify that there are four different types of hostname links - bind, domain, name, binn, and yp - each with their own specific options? When replying to this message, please include the mailing list or newsgroup address for the Irish Linux Users group for further assistance and also provide the unsubscription information if needed. My email address is: " }, { "body": "Dear solocdm, I noticed that there are four different types of hostname links, each with their own distinct options, and the program behaves differently based on the value provided. Here's a simple example:" }, { "body": "This code demonstrates a C program that takes two long integers and an operation as arguments (add or subtract). If the provided name of the program is not 'add' or 'subtract', it will output an error message and exit. For unsubscription information, please visit our list." }, { "body": "On Sunday, August , I attempted various methods to force the command 'ln' to create a link with an option attached; however, it didn't work. It appears that there are four different types of hostname links: bindnsdomainname, bindomainname, binnisdomainname, binypdomainname, each with their own separate options. The program seems to be missing any options in the link creation. For information on unsubscribing, please refer to this list. (Note: This is for Irish Linux users only.)" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I've upgraded my home machine's kernel to the latest from kernel.org, however, I'm experiencing a problem with the network card - it doesn't work well; packets can go out but not come in. Instead of being on IRQ, it now mirrors at port address, IRQ Aug, Mirror Aug, Mirror Aug, Mirror at port address be IRQ Aug, Mirror Aug, Mirror Aug. This configuration results in the interfaces coming up, but no packets can be received. I've tried not loading the module on boot-up and then modloading it, but it still gets loaded as above on IRQ and on it loads to IRQ. Does anyone have any suggestions on what to do here? It's a Debian distribution and works fine when booted into so the hardware (BIOS etc) seems okay, suggesting it may be specific to the kernel settings. Best, Irish Linux User" }, { "body": "Hello all, I've upgraded the kernel on my machine at home from version 4.x to the latest one from kernel.org, but I encountered a problem with my network card not functioning properly. Instead of being on IRQ1, it now appears at port address, IRQ, port address, IRQ, and so on. This results in interfaces coming up but packets cannot be received even though they can be sent. I've tried disabling the module during bootup and manually loading it, but it still loads to IRQ1 and to IRQ9. Since it works fine when booted to BIOS, I believe this is a kernel setting issue. Has anyone encountered something similar or have suggestions on what I could do here? It's a Debian distro. Thanks in advance for any help." }, { "body": "Hi all, I upgraded my home machine's kernel to the latest version from kernel.org, however, I've encountered an issue with my network card - it doesn't work as expected. Instead of being on IRQ 1, it's now at port MIRA with an address of IRQ MIRA, etc. This results in the interfaces coming up but packets can go out, they just can't come in. I've tried unloading the module on bootup and then modloading it, but it still gets loaded to IRQ MIRA and won't work on any other IRQ that works okay. I haven't been able to get it working with this new IRQ setup. Could you help me find another IRQ for the network card to work on? It currently doesn't seem to be compatible with IRQ MIRA, which works fine in my previous kernel setup. Best regards, Sean" }, { "body": "Kevin, I need to clarify some instructions for you regarding the installation of software on your system. Here's what I suggest: 1. Run the DOS setup program for the requested application. 2. Disable Plug and Play in the cards firmware (you may find instructions online or use a Linux setup program). 3. Make sure your lines less than characters b not toppost (not entirely sure what this refers to, but it might be related to file system settings). 4. Visit our website for unsubscription information if you wish. Hope this helps! Regards, Your Team" }, { "body": "As Kevin mentioned, the issue seems to be resolved by using Donald Becker's Linux native utilities for your series. Disable Plug and Play in the cards firmware, then set the IRQ and IO base address as necessary. Ensure these settings are also available in the motherboard BIOS setup program for legacy IDE devices or whatever it's called there. Here's a friendly reminder that it's not so much the things we don't know that get us into trouble, but rather the things we know that aren't so artful. For unsubscription information, please visit our website." }, { "body": "Hello, I have attempted to use the VESA driver, but it seems to be experiencing issues. It's rather peculiar as sometimes the xconfigurator test comes up okay, but when I try to load X, it fails to appear at all. When I read the Intel page, I think I will hold off on this until Intel releases a driver for this specific model. Thank you for your assistance thus far. Note: Be cautious with Dell machines and Linux as some inexpensive hardware components such as Ethernet cards, modems, sound cards, and graphics may not be compatible or supported. We have recently acquired new Dell machines at work, and I am supposed to install Linux on them. However, Redhat refused to acknowledge the onboard Intel DVMT chip graphics card which has an Intel GGL chipset. I have come across information suggesting that drivers for the chipset can be found in Steve Irish's Linux users group or similar resources. Declan Houlihan's Irish Linux Users group is also available for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "I'm currently facing an issue where employees who purchase machines end up installing operating systems on them. Specifically, I'm exploring a switch from SPARC/Solaris to Intel Linux, as I would prefer using Linux at work. However, it becomes problematic when a standard Dell box isn't compatible with the graphics card in Linux, making the installation process tedious. Currently, at work, we simply buy Sun's latest system, jumpstart it, and it's up and running. This is convenient for administering a large group of workstations as we can use boot net install. However, this method doesn't allow for checking Dell's website every time a machine is needed, which would consume a significant amount of time, especially in dealing with drivers and compiling new versions of X. This isn't an issue if you have one machine at home, but it becomes impossible when working with a large bunch of systems. It's unfortunate that a Linux distro doesn't often work out-of-the-box with Dell systems. To mitigate this, you can check the support section on Dell's website for downloadable drivers that match the system configuration. If there aren't any Linux drivers available, you can usually find out the chipset of each device and search Google for discussions about them. Keep in mind that you'll often be told the make model of each device rather than the chipset, so further investigation is necessary. The caveat, of course, is always to know exactly what you're buying. In most cases, unfortunately, it's not the person who bought the systems that will be configuring them." }, { "body": "In reference to Declan Houlihan's email regarding the potential switch from SparcSolaris to IntelliLinux, I wholeheartedly share his preference for Linux in a work environment. The current challenge arises when Linux doesn't support the graphics card on the standard Dell box we receive. To address this issue, I propose swapping out the problematic graphics card with one that has well-tested Linux support. These cards can be found at affordable prices, making it a cost-effective solution. Once replaced, the previous card can be saved for other workstations where it may be valuable. It seems the Linux world often requires us to research chipsets before installation to avoid compatibility issues - a lesson we've learned over the past eleven years. Best regards, J Kegler" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I'm trying to get name resolution across subnets working and believe the first step is to be able to perform an nmblookup without using the broadcast address flag. Does anyone know how Samba can be configured to broadcast to subnets other than just the local one? I don't think this has anything to do with the remote announce parameter. Thanks, Bryan. Note: This does not seem to be related to the 'irish linux users for unsubscription information' list." }, { "body": "Declan Houlihan is considering a switch from SPARC Solaris to Intel Linux at work. Currently, when purchasing a new workstation, they buy whatever Sun's latest system is, jumpstart it and it's ready to go. However, he suggests trying Linux on SPARC as it works well without major issues. The minor issues include serial console drivers. For workstation installs, he suspects it will function correctly. You would follow a boot net install procedure, which requires adding the workstation to the install server first. The installation of SPARC Linux can also be done using this method. The image takes some time to load, but once loaded, you can proceed with the regular installation process. This setup works fine as Declan is currently using Debian due to the subverted Sun boxes lacking graphics consoles. If you have a spare workstation, he could burn a couple of CDs for you if he can find them. Regarding your query about Yahoo, it offers everything you might need on one web page - news, sports, email, and music charts among others. For unsubscription information, check the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "I apologize for missing our meeting on Tuesday, August . Red Hat offers a similar service called Kickstart. Kevin Lyda mentioned that PC hardware is not ideal, but you can use a floppy disk. However, every Jumpstart configuration I've seen needs RARP and connecting the new box's Ethernet IP to a file. A kickstart boot, on the other hand, can just use a DHCP server. After my long absence, I have reacquainted myself with Jumpstart and found a useful script called 'addinstallclient'. This script takes the architecture and ethernet address IP as inputs and sets up everything from RARP to boot parameters for you. It's quite simple, and it even has a 'd' option to boot via DHCP. Unfortunately, Sun's terminal handling leaves room for improvement; it won't work properly on a Wyse, regardless of the emulation mode the Wyse is in. Proper PC netbooting requires a motherboard with a PXE BIOS. This may seem challenging, but there are open-source boot proms available. If you require Linux user unsubscription information, please let me know." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , Matthew French and Declan Houlihan were exploring the possibility of switching from SPARC Solaris to IntelLinux. Currently at our workplace, when we need a new workstation, we simply purchase Sun's latest system, jumpstart it, and it's up and running. However, you mentioned that Red Hat offers something similar called Kickstart. As for PC hardware, Kevin finds it dull, so you'll need to use a floppy disk, unlike every jumpstart configuration I've seen which requires RARP plus plugging the new box's Ethernet IP into a file. A kickstart boot can just use a DHCP server. As Kevin says, 'a believer is happier than a skeptic', and it seems we are no more divided on this point than the fact that a drunken man is happier in meatspace than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality. For information regarding unsubscription from the Irish Linux Users list, please refer to the instructions provided." }, { "body": "At John P Looney, there's a useful script named addinstallclient that sets up everything from RARP to boot parameters for you. It requires the architecture ethernet address IP as input and offers a 'd' option for booting via DHCP. This script is very simple and handy. However, Sun's terminal handling leaves room for improvement and may not function properly on a Wyse, regardless of the emulation mode it is attempting to use. In fact, Sun's terminal handling isn't optimal for PC netbooting. For proper PC netbooting, you either need a motherboard with a PXE BIOS or a network card with a bootrom installed and BIOS support to boot from the network. If you are familiar with openboot proms, you could potentially burn one yourself. I believe there might be a prom available for download on the netboot project website if you have the necessary hardware. For those using Irish Linux who wish to unsubscribe, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August  _, Anders Holm here. I was wondering how challenging it might be to obtain a PC with an OpenBoot PROM that you could manually burn if needed. I believe the Netboot project has a PROM available for download and burning, provided you have the necessary hardware. However, the PROMs are designed for specific network cards, and all there is from the Netboot project is an ISA bootp/tftp client, not the full suite of components you get with an OpenBoot PROM. We had discussed supporting it years ago when the Athlon was expected to be only on workstations, but they seemed to abandon it in favor of a MSDOS-compatible BIOS instead." }, { "body": "Hello, I've understood that you upgraded the kernel on your machine at home and encountered a problem where your network card is not working properly. Instead of one device on an IRQ, it now appears to be multiple 'mira' devices at port addresses with IRQ set, which results in interfaces coming up but packets cannot come in. You've tried unloading the module at bootup and reloading it, but it still gets loaded on the same IRQ. I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Here are a few suggestions that might help: 1. Check if there are any conflicts with other devices using the same IRQ. If possible, try changing the IRQ of your network card manually in the BIOS or through the kernel settings. 2. Try reinstalling the network card driver to ensure it is compatible with the new kernel version. 3. Look into the kernel logs for any error messages related to your network card. 4. If none of the above work, consider rolling back to an older kernel version until a solution can be found. Please let me know if any of these solutions work or if you need further assistance. Regards, " }, { "body": "The issue seems to be resolved since the sound card was removed. However, I'm still perplexed as to why this solution worked when it didn't before, which appears to be a regression to me. I recall having a double IRQ problem with the combo card, and turning off PNP in the card's firmware resolved it. It seems that the driver was assigning an IRQ to the card's port and another IRQ to its BNC port, then referencing the card via the second assigned IRQ. Turning off PNP in the card's firmware fixed this issue. If you are experiencing a different error, PNP might still be turned on. Ensure that the IRQ and I/O space you assign the card in its firmware is not being used by any other ISA devices. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Dear Anders Holm, I hope this message finds you well. I was wondering, how difficult would it be to acquire a PC with an openboot prom that could be self-burned if desired? I believe the netboot project offers such a prom which can be downloaded and burnt, provided one has the necessary hardware. However, these proms are for specific network cards, and all there really is an ISA bootp/tftp client, not the full set of nice bits and pieces you get with an openboot prom. Still, this would enable a network install without using boot floppies. Boot floppies, although cheaper and easier to recreate when changes are needed, can get messier when you have a boot image on a server, and the only way to test it is by booting it over the network. You mentioned ages ago that you were considering supporting this option, as the Athlon was initially expected to be used in workstations. However, they seemed to abandon it and opt for the less desirable MSDOS-compatible BIOS instead. It would have been much nicer if they had stuck with that. I do like the openboot idea, especially the ability to set the prom to boot from whatever disk slice you'd want, eliminating the need to set it in Lilogrub anymore since the openboot rom takes care of that part for you. However, you wouldn't get a menu that allows you to choose what you want to boot; there are pros and cons depending on what you wish to achieve. As I sit here typing, I realize that this is both a nice thing and a nasty thing... life can be that way sometimes. Regarding unsubscribing from the list, please find the information below: Best regards, John P Looney" }, { "body": "Hi Albert White Sun, Thank you for your message and for the update regarding the IRQ conflict issue with your old sound card. It's good to hear that removing the sound card has resolved the problem. However, I'm still curious as to why the same setup didn't work previously and is now working fine. This seems like a regression to me. I'm stepping in here since you're back online after quite a long break from iLUG. Alan Cox mentioned that he might have tampered with some PNP stuff recently, so it could be worth checking if this has any impact on your system. Best regards, P draig Irish Linux User Group" }, { "body": "Dear Kevin Lyda, I apologize for missing our Tuesday discussion about Red Hat's Kickstart. It seems that Red Hat's Kickstart is somewhat similar to what you were discussing. However, it's not clear who inspired Red Hat to develop this tool. Regarding your comment about PC hardware being dumb, I assume you mean that a floppy disk will be necessary for every JumpStart configuration you've seen. Yet, every JumpStart config I've encountered also required RARP and plugging the new box's Ethernet IP into a file. A Kickstart boot can use a DHCP server instead, but it may still need a bootkickstartverip. To proceed automatically or if my understanding is incorrect, please clarify. For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please refer to the provided instructions." }, { "body": "Hello Matthew, We've been considering a switch from SPARC Solaris to IntelliLinux (Boo Hiss Duck). However, have you considered using Linux on SPARC instead? This way, you can enjoy your favorite KDE/GNOME desktop instead of the DTE or CDE integrated into Solaris. Additionally, there are tools like Afterstep and WindowMaker available for Solaris which might interest you. Currently, my personal preference is Enlightenment, and it also has Solaris packages available for download. The installation procedure involves a net install. You can install SPARC Linux using this technique as well. The image takes some time to load, but once that's done, the installation proceeds normally. I believe you're asking if 'normal fashion' means that you still have to do interactive customizations or if it's like Solaris Jumpstart where everything can be specified on the install server. To clarify, yes, there are some interactive customizations required, but the process is straightforward. Using the boot net install method, you should wake up to a fully installed and patched desktop the next morning. There may be minor issues with serial console drivers for workstation installs, but I don't anticipate this causing major problems. The PROM (OK prompt) is at the hardware level and shouldn't depend on the OS, so you should be able to connect to it easily enough once the machine is installed. You can log in over the network once the system is set up, although Sun's terminal handling leaves much to be desired. It may not work properly on a Wyse device, regardless of emulation mode. However, I only need to use the console when something breaks, so it shouldn't be a major concern. I suggest setting up Jumpstart for an automatic installation, which would eliminate the need to look at the console entirely. Cheers, " }, { "body": "Hi there, I hope this message finds you well. I'm reaching out to clarify a few points about our Linux installation process. It appears that Niall Brady had some skepticism towards PC hardware, stating 'every jumpstart config I've seen required RARP plus plugging the new box's ethernet IP into a file', and suggesting that a kickstart boot could use a DHCP server instead. However, you mentioned that it would still need a 'bootkickstartveripkickstart' to proceed automatically. I believe you are correct on this point, as my memory of past kickstart installs is that such a file is indeed necessary. From what I remember, the kickstart installation involves putting a script file on a standard Red Hat boot disk that automates the installation process. You have the option to have it fetch its install script from a TFTPD server, similar to jumpstart, or it can all be on the floppy. Lastly, I came across an interesting quote by George Bernard Shaw: 'A believer is happier than a skeptic; it is the happiness of credulity, not of reason.' This thought seems applicable to our discussion, as Niall's belief in the convenience of kickstart installation contrasts with your initial skepticism. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, you can find information on how to do so below. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hello there, I'm seeking information on how to enable FFS (Fast File System) support in the kernel. I've been looking around but the resources on this topic appear to be limited. If you have any insights or guidance on this matter, it would be greatly appreciated. Also, if you could provide me with details on how to unsubscribe from your Yahoo Digital newsletters and information lists, that would be helpful. Kind regards, Irish Linux User" }, { "body": "Hello, I was wondering if anyone here has information on enabling FFS support in the kernel. I've been searching but the information seems scarce and I'm not familiar with FFS, however, in the kernel source documentation under 'configure help', there are various options such as config jff that enable it. The links cited in that documentation lead to mailing lists and archives which may provide more specific answers if needed. If by Amiga FFS you mean something else, then it is selectable in the kernel config. Please note that the opinions expressed here are my own and not related to those held by my employer, Sun Microsystems. Statements on Sun products included here should not be taken as gospel but rather as fiction rather than truth. For unsubscribing from this list, please refer to the instructions provided for Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "Dear All, Bryan Roycroft is seeking information on enabling FFS support in the kernel. He mentions that the available resources seem limited, and he is unsure if it's for mounting an OS X partition. If possible, it would be of interest to him to mount FFS read-only. He also suggests that the configuration item might be related to 'ufsm config', but 'ufsfswrite' is not set. Therefore, he proposes that 'modprobe ufs' should work on a standard install. For those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, please find the details below: Contact Pdraig Irish (Linux Users for Unsubscription Information)." }, { "body": "Dear Team, I've been experiencing issues with the current desktop environment, particularly the DTE (or CDE) integrated into Solaris. I would appreciate it if you could provide me with a working version of my preferred KDE Gnome desktop instead. I attempted this over a year ago, but it was not satisfactory. However, I expect significant improvements since then. What I am really interested in is running Gnome on one of the Sun Ray thin terminals, out of curiosity. Does 'normal fashion' imply that interactive customizations are still required, or is it like Solaris Jumpstart where everything can be specified on the install server? I understand that an automated installation with a few script changes might be possible, and I wouldn't be surprised if Debian already offers this. If you pass extra parameters on the boot command, they are picked up by Silo boot disk Linux, which would boot straight through without prompting for selection. Could you please automate the installation process by transferring the correct config file? This should not present a major problem as the 'ok' prompt is almost at the hardware level and doesn't depend on the OS. Once the machine is installed, I should be able to log in over the network. The challenge lies between when Linux boots and when the console tty drivers are started - this can be a black hole without error messages or login prompts. Another problem arises when Linux drops into the prompt on shutdown instead of powering off or rebooting, making it impossible to reboot the box without physically accessing the power switch. If the console is active, it may drop into the prompt if it is devnull, preventing console messages but ensuring proper shutdown. I hope you can resolve these issues. Regarding your Yahoo! mail, everything you need is available on one web page - news, sport, email, and music charts. For unsubscription information or queries from Irish Linux users, please visit the provided link." }, { "body": "Dear Team, Is there anyone with practical experience in writing high-performance socket code in C under Linux? If so, I'd like to know if there is any speed difference between Unix domain sockets (loopback sockets), and a real Ethernet interface when all the packets are going from one process on the machine to another process on the same machine. To clarify, yes, the more logic involved, the longer the CPU is executing it. That is, there is more logic executed including NIC (Network Interface Card) logic when going 'down to the metal' than when using 'lo' (loopback address). So, I'm curious about the amount of logic involved for each type of IPC (Inter-Process Communication). Why are you limiting yourself to sockets? There are other methods such as mutexes, shared memory, messages. However, the best IPC method to choose is dictated by the data you want to communicate between the processes, as the various IPC mechanisms are tuned for different data types. IBM is currently running a series of tests comparing DOS and Linux IPC mechanism. The socket, which references the others at the bottom, is following in Google's documentation. It provided useful info on comparing IPC mechanisms. For those interested, here is the unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users group. Best, P draig" }, { "body": "The concept of JPL recursion is most effective when you have an unlimited stack. Those who believe they possess such a limit should be kept away from compilers, as they might pose a risk. However, during my engineering studies, the general rule was that infinity was significantly larger than the maximum we could ever anticipate needing. Therefore, I advocate for the idea of infinite stack, but I do not consider myself a compiler risk. Regarding your query about Yahoo, they offer a wide range of services including news, sports, email, and music charts. If you're an Irish Linux user looking to unsubscribe from their services, you can find the relevant information for that." }, { "body": "I've always been curious about a topic that's often considered negative, such as the 'goto'. Many programming languages include some form of 'goto', so is it really bad or good? My final year project surfaces an intriguing question: is a loop or a recursive call actually superior to a 'goto', or is the 'goto' used as a kind of common enemy in programming syntax? While I would love to answer an unqualified yes, I must admit that coding in a style that relies heavily on 'gotos' does not significantly improve code when transitioning to 'gosubs' or function calls. The same argument was made about modular coding in the past, where manuals advised writing modules that would fit on a single sheet of computer paper. Many coders then divided their code into arbitrary chunks. However, the article 'goto considered harmful' emphasizes the importance of understanding the point of execution and variable values at that point, which is easier when the code uses assignment, if-statements, and functions but not when it uses 'gotos'. Despite being one of Dijkstra's 'braindamaged children', who learned Basic at an early age, I no longer use 'goto' or any of its offspring like 'break', 'continue', and fudged function calls with variable manipulation. Although my code may be longer than it would be if I had used 'goto' at critical points, my current approach has benefits when another person modifies or debugs the code in three months' time, as they don't have to deal with the complications of 'gotos'. For a more detailed discussion, please refer to the full letter. Regarding your unsubscription request, Dave Irish Linux users can find information on how to unsubscribe below." }, { "body": "Kevin Lyda brought up a point regarding harmful line lengths, suggesting it should be reduced for fairness as he was using webmail on Thu Aug at Wintermute. I've always pondered about such matters, one of which is the 'goto' statement. While many languages support this construct, it's debatable if overuse makes code unreadable. However, when used properly, it can improve readability, although these instances are quite rare. It's generally advisable to avoid them due to potential misuse leading to what Niall calls 'writeonly code'. Yes, it's possible to create writeonly code in any language, even those with an obfuscated code competition like C. As for Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information, could you clarify the specific processing details required?" }, { "body": "Dear User, It seems you have a question about the use of 'goto' in programming. In essence, while many consider it harmful due to its potential for creating complex and difficult-to-follow code, it is supported in various languages. However, its use can be beneficial in specific contexts such as kernel code or some languages where 'break' or 'continue' may not have the desired effect. Nevertheless, in general, it's advisable to avoid using 'goto' whenever possible as it tends to make code more difficult to understand. Moving on to your query about polymorphism, while often praised, its advantage lies in creating flexible and reusable code based on class inheritance. However, whether or not you choose to use it depends on your specific programming needs and preferences. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Linux Users list, please provide your email address for removal. Best regards, The ILUG Team" }, { "body": "I hope he's not being serious about the issue with the bug and ide partition table corruption. He provided an ide-specific argument, which I have omitted for clarity, thank you for reminding me why I sometimes question whether the kernel will ever function reliably. However, as free software is inherently self-correcting, the problem can be addressed by forking the tree into a workable version suitable for Irish users. For those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, instructions can be found here." }, { "body": "On Thursday, Matthew French from JPL mentioned that recursion is only truly useful when you have an infinite stack. People who believe they have an infinite stack should not be allowed near a compiler. When I was studying engineering, the general rule of thumb was that infinity was much larger than the most we could expect to use, so I am an advocate for infinite stacks. I worked on a test harness for something unexpected - petrol pumps, several years ago. The little embedded controller communicated with its DOS environment, not exactly the easiest to debug and track crashing bugs under Master (a logging system). When I inherited the DOS part of it, I worked mainly on creating the other end of it towards the end of the project. We conducted extensive long burn-in tests, but unfortunately, overnight tests always crashed for some obscure reason. Tracing it down showed that my predecessors added new entries to the end of its linked list function recursively called itself with each following link until the terminating one appeared. Of course, it failed miserably when it ran out of stack. I'm sure he felt he had accomplished a good day's work when he planted that bomb (recursive call). So much insanity, so little time! For unsubscription information, check with Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Regarding the topic of coding practices, it's worth mentioning that extremely long lines (over 80 characters) are generally considered harmful. Please try to break them down for readability. I've always pondered about the notion of what is deemed 'bad'. For instance, the 'goto' statement is supported in most programming languages to some extent. However, it's debatable whether gotos are inherently bad or not. Used judiciously, they can enhance code readability; however, such appropriate instances are scarce. It's advisable to avoid them as excessive use of goto may result in what Niall calls 'write-only' code. This phrase beautifully encapsulates the concept that my professors would spend entire lectures explaining, yet three simple words convey it so succinctly. Kevin, I must add that a believer is often happier than a skeptic, much like a drunken man is happier in meatspace than a sober one. The joy of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality, as George Bernard Shaw once said. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Linux users list, please find the relevant information below." }, { "body": "I found this amusing in the Slashdot thread about Dijkstra's passing on Tuesday. I imagine he'll get there by the shortest path - a nod to his 'Goto considered harmful' and other works. It's sad to see these pioneers go; lately, Richard Stevens, Jim Ellis, Jon Postel, and P.H. 'Pete' Salzman have passed away. If you are a Linux user and wish to unsubscribe from this list, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "I've encountered an issue with a system where Red Hat has been installed on a disk, but it won't boot because it insists on pulling the kernel from somewhere else. I've managed to boot the disk using the old Cobalt kernel and a Red Hat rescue CD, and even installed GRUB. However, this hasn't helped in getting the system to boot my desired kernel. The Cobalt BIOS indicates that it's booting from the default method from disk. I'm wondering if anyone has some ideas on how to make this thing boot my chosen kernel. It seems Google isn't very informative about the Cobalt boot process, and the information available doesn't seem to work. For instance, I've noticed a discrepancy between the kernel I want to boot and the one that is actually booted (note the difference between 'linux version' and what I want to boot). Also, for those who might be interested, here are the instructions for unsubscribing from this list." }, { "body": "I found the following post on Slashdot about Dijkstra's passing interesting: 'I bet he gets to heaven by the shortest path, referring to his infamous goto considered harmful paper.' It's sad to see such influential figures like Richard Stevens, Jim Ellis, and Jon Postel pass away. It makes me ponder about the notion of bad practices in programming - for instance, is a 'goto' truly evil? Many languages support some form of 'goto', so are they really that bad? Is a loop or a recursive call actually any better than a 'goto', or is the 'goto' used as a common enemy to encourage the use of loops and recursion? It also makes one question the concept of good practices, such as polymorphism - people extol its virtues, but is there any real advantage in using an overloaded function based on class inheritance? I can only laugh on the surface, for beneath it all, I'm really crying. If you could see inside, you might join me for a weep." }, { "body": "Hello Kate Irish, I've been pondering about the notion of 'bad' in programming for a while, particularly regarding the use of the goto statement. It's interesting to note that many languages support some form of goto, yet it's often considered detrimental. However, this may not be universally true, especially in languages like C and Pascal where well-placed gotos can aid efficiency, such as in kernel code or situations where break or continue statements can't specify the number of loops or switches to exit. In general, however, gotos can make code harder to read and understand. When considering alternatives, a loop or a recursive call might be just as effective, if not more so. It's been argued that recursion is truly useful only when you have an infinite stack, and those who think they do should perhaps refrain from using compilers. Another point of contemplation is the concept of 'good'. For instance, people often extol the virtues of polymorphism, but I wonder if there's any real advantage to using overloaded functions based on class inheritance. To be honest, this question doesn't particularly concern me. For unsubscription information regarding the Linux users list, please find the details below: Best regards, " }, { "body": "I have traced the issue, and it appears that your predecessors recursively added new entries to the linked list function. This eventually caused the program to run out of stack memory as it called itself with each following link, ultimately leading to a crash. The fact that it occurred at the terminating link suggests that the bomb was planted intentionally. One thing that annoys me is when people say 'on these modern machines you don't need to worry about writing optimized code or inline functions; just use procedures.' This sentiment often leads to being told 'on these modern machines, it confuses Irish Linux users for unsubscription information.'" }, { "body": "On Thursday, August at Padraig Brady, Yes, the term is usually and rightfully associated with Perl. However, there's no need for Perl to be write-only. Of course, you can create write-only code in any language; there's even a competition for obfuscated C code, which is always fun and a good way to learn the intricacies of C. What sort of processing do you do? That seems quite dated (tmdacheckaddress valid on Tuesday, August UTC). This means anyone can send emails to that address until that date. After that, they will need to confirm more information. As an aside, it is possible to filter mail to a mailman mailing list with TMDA as well; subscribers can post to the list without confirmation, while non-subscribers would need to confirm their posts. Kevin: 'A believer is happier than a skeptic' - Shaw's words are no more contentious on this point than the fact that a drunken man is happier in meatspace (home) than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality.' For information regarding unsubscription from the Irish Linux users list, please refer to:" }, { "body": "Dear Bod, It seems there's a point of contention between us regarding the role of programmers in today's technology. I find it unsettling when people assert that modern machines make optimized coding and inline writing unnecessary, implying that programming skills are no longer required. This sentiment, when phrased as 'just use a function', sounds dangerously close to suggesting that programmers are obsolete. I respectfully disagree with this perspective, and I've found it necessary to clarify my stance whenever I encounter such a viewpoint. To your comment about recursion, I'd like to suggest that perhaps you may have misunderstood my point. Regarding your assertion about HTML programming skills being unnecessary, while I acknowledge the prevalence of visual tools, I firmly believe that programming skills remain indispensable. It's important to remember that not everyone will always be able or required to use these tools, and a strong foundation in programming is essential for those who do. I must also address your statement about 'bilge' and 'irish linux users for unsubscription information list'. If this was indeed part of the conversation, I would like to clarify that it doesn't contribute to a productive dialogue and may be best left out in future discussions. If you need assistance with unsubscribing from any lists, please let me know. Best, " }, { "body": "I have been attempting to install Linux on a handful of Sunray systems for some time now, with varying results. Has anyone managed to achieve this successfully? As far as I know, it can be done by installing the Linux operating system normally on the server, and then the Sun installation will make the necessary changes to the dtlogin screen. From there, you can simply select Gnome (or any other window manager) as desired. However, since I don't administer Sunray servers, I'm not fully aware of the potential issues or exact requirements. If you are an Irish Linux user and would like to unsubscribe from a list, please provide your details." }, { "body": "On Fri, Aug 8th, Ryan Shane discusses a topic similar to Orbs (lists of known spam source IPs and netblocks). If an ISP fails to take action against a spammer who only shifts from one IP to another within the same ISP's netblock, the ISP's netblock may be listed. There are several such lists available, for example, known open-relay lists. You mentioned that Eircom was once added to such a list, and as a result, many European ISPs refused to accept mail from your address. However, informing Eircom of this issue did not lead to immediate resolution, taking months in some cases. Your opinion is that stopping spammers is a good idea, but you would rather delete or filter out spam instead of having your messages bounced by another ISP's servers. In essence, you are suggesting an alternate ISP if the current one fails to address spam issues." }, { "body": "Brian O'Donoghue wrote a code that uses strlen, but using strlen in C can be relatively expensive. This isn't much of an issue if the string length is declared as const and you don't modify the string object because the compiler can cache it for you. However, there's a simpler reason not to use strlen on this particular string: in future, you could change the contents of the string within the for loop, which might cause confusion about why the number of iterations is not as expected. This is particularly important to keep in mind for Linux users who may wish to unsubscribe from the list." }, { "body": "I'm experiencing a different effect when I open new links by right-clicking and opening them in a tab. They open in the background, and the currently selected page remains active, unfortunately the newly opened tab gets the focus instead. This issue also occurs when pages reload in other tabs; the current tab loses its keyboard focus which can be annoying, especially when filling out forms or scrolling using the mouse wheel. Additionally, when I middle-click a link in a Galeon browser window, a new window opens under my mouse cursor, but any keys I type go to the first window. If anyone else is facing this issue, have you found a solution? I'm using Sawfish as my WM with sloppy focus. For information on unsubscribing, please see below." }, { "body": "In the Galeon browser, when I middle-click a link, a new window opens below my current position. Regardless of which keys I type, the input goes to the first window. Does anyone else encounter this issue and have they found a solution? I use Sawfish as my WM with sloppy focus. To quote George Bernard Shaw, 'A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.' However, belief brings more happiness than skepticism - perhaps even as much as a drunken man finds more pleasure in his meatspace home than a sober one. The joy of credulity can be cheap and dangerous, but it's no less certain than that fact. For information on unsubscribing from this list, please refer to the instructions provided for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Hello, I was wondering if anyone has any experience using a digital camera with Linux, specifically an HP model (Photosmart or Photosmart)? Since I work for the company and get a discount, I'm considering buying one. It would be helpful to know beforehand if it can be made to work with Linux. If you have any insights, I'd greatly appreciate your feedback. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, information is available below." }, { "body": "Hi there, I've received three Acer Travelmate laptops from a project we funded, but unfortunately, they have HDD passwords on them that I don't possess. Do you have any suggestions on how to overwrite these? My technical and monetary resources are limited in my current role. Best, Dave (Irish Linux user for unsubscription information)" }, { "body": "If your camera has a USB cable, it's likely to function on Linux. To make it work, you just need to load the appropriate modules, mount the camera as another device, and don't forget to eject the device after unmounting for courtesy to the camera. A simple Google search will provide you with plenty of information about this process. I was wondering if anyone has had any experience using a digital camera with Linux? I'm considering purchasing one, specifically an HP camera (either a Photosmart or Photosmart model) since I work for the company and receive a discount. It would be helpful to know if it can be made to work under Linux before making a purchase. If you have any insights on this, please share them. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, instructions are available." }, { "body": "Hello Team, I recently received three Acer Travelmate laptops from a concluded project, but I'm encountering an issue as they have HDD passwords that I don't know how to bypass. Since I have limited technical and financial resources in my new role, purchasing new HDDs isn't an option at the moment. I found some potential solutions online related to removing Acer hard drive passwords using tools like 'AC600' or 'AMA Lab HDD Decrypt'. Perhaps one of these might help you. Here is a link to a forum post discussing this: <https://forum.notebookreview.com/threads/acer-hard-drive-password-reset-tool.357914/> Regards, David" }, { "body": "Brian O'Donoghue wrote a code fragment somethinggoeshere dosomething, unfortunately strlen is an expensive operation in C, especially when the string is not modified. However, if the string length is declared const, the compiler can cache it. This optimization might not be possible in C, but you could rewrite the same code fragment using pointer arithmetic (char c, char *p; somethinggoeshere; dosomething). This approach works well because C uses terminated strings, improving performance by always having a pointer to the character instead of array manipulation. Although the variable 'c' is not required in this case, most compilers are smart enough to store 'p' in a register. However, using pointer arithmetic can make the code illegible if not managed carefully. Therefore, I prefer Java for many programming tasks." }, { "body": "I often find myself thinking that if we have robust compilation tools, they should be capable of handling inlining and optimization more effectively than I could. This theory assumes there's always a balance with inlining - between speed and memory bloat. Sometimes, this balance may not exist if swap comes into play. I understand your argument, but there are instances where I feel that if I don't write code in the most compact manner or follow poor coding practices such as using 'bad style bool q ifq' instead of 'ifqtrue', or using 'int a asomefunction ifa' which may work but is poor coding style, it's because I rely too much on programming tools to handle the coding. This is what I mean by letting the tools take care of the coding. It seems that this approach might be considered inappropriate. For example, consider a loop where you write 'irish linux users for unsubscription information list', which may not adhere to good programming practices." }, { "body": "Dear Shane, I understand that you are considering switching to a different email provider due to issues with your current service provider, Eircom. I encourage you to explore other options if their service does not meet your expectations. Please ensure to inform Eircom of the reasons for your dissatisfaction so they can address the issues. It's worth noting that you can retain your existing email address if necessary. Unfortunately, it appears that Eircom may not be adequately addressing customer concerns, particularly when these are negative. I was disappointed to learn about your experience where they misconstrued your complaints and misunderstood your subscription status. Furthermore, their suggestion that the use of Linux could be a cause of technical issues is questionable, to say the least. It seems unreasonable for an ISP to not provide protection against incompetent configurations, which would effectively support spam. I apologize for the manner in which Eircom handled your concerns regarding the Orbs problem. For information on how to unsubscribe from their services as an Irish Linux user, please refer to the list provided at the end of your email. Best regards," }, { "body": "Shan Ryan, in my opinion, preventing spammers is a commendable idea. However, I would prefer to handle unwanted messages by pressing 'd' or 'delete', rather than having mine bounced by someone else. If eircom isn't satisfactory for you, it might be worth considering a different email provider. It's important to inform eircom about the reasons why you believe they are inadequate. To suggest that ISPs should not protect themselves against incompetent configurations could be perceived as supporting spam. Matthew, I must clarify that Yahoo offers a wide range of services on one platform, including news, sports, email, and music charts. For Irish Linux users seeking to unsubscribe from their services, further information can be found..." }, { "body": "Apologies for any confusion, Gary. I often find myself thinking that if we have advanced compilation tools at our disposal, they should be capable of handling inlining and optimization more effectively than I could, as per theory. However, there's always a balance with inlining - speed versus memory bloat, which might not always be a trade-off, especially when swap starts getting involved. This is something that tends to frustrate programmers who can spend significant amounts of time inlining code and relying on optimization tools for performance improvements. It's important to note that the best performance gains can usually be achieved by fixing the algorithm itself. Optimizing function calls that are made infrequently often makes no sense, as it can lead to illegible code and nonsensical algorithms. Inlining is beneficial for functions that are frequently called and small, such as string manipulation routines, but these comprise a minor part of most applications. A common example I encounter is the optimization of database function calls. Many database accesses involve numerous abstraction layers and millions of instruction cycles. Trying to save a few instruction cycles would result in cost savings of perhaps seconds over hours, but a simple hashmap cache of common data, without any compiler or inline optimizations, can turn those same hours into minutes. As for you, Matthew, I think you should be focused on writing code. Yahoo offers everything you might ever need on one web page - news, sports, email, and music charts. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, here's the information list." }, { "body": "On Friday, I agree with Ryan's suggestion that stopping spammers is a good idea. However, I prefer to handle unwanted messages myself by deleting or hitting 'd', rather than having my emails bounced due to someone else's ISP blocking them. Ideally, I would choose an ISP that doesn't tolerate spammers. The only way spam lists work is because users of certain ISPs find they cannot send mail to many domains and ask their ISP to take action. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux Users, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "On Friday, Padraig Brady can attempt to mount and partition a drive. However, there might be minor adjustments needed in the BIOS settings to support this operation. Given that I've updated the BIOS with the most recent version available, I haven't had any success yet. The next step is to format the boot sector and try again. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, kindly find the information below." }, { "body": "On Thursday, August , Brian O'Donoghue expressed his frustration with statements such as 'on today's machines, you don't need to worry about writing optimized code or inlining functions because the tools will do it for you.' He often feels that if we have advanced compilation tools, they should handle inlining and optimization better than any individual. However, he points out that there is always a tradeoff between inlining; speed vs memory bloat, which might not be a tradeoff if stack swapping starts getting involved. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Linux users list, please find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Dear Scott Wunsch, I've managed to install Red Hat on a disk, but I'm having trouble getting it to boot. It insists on pulling the kernel from somewhere else, and I think it could be because I'm using a different rootfs. However, I can mount the partition. There might be small changes required in the BIOS to support this. The Cobalt systems have some unique firmware boot code that should read the filesystem and find the kernel itself if placed in the expected location. Unfortunately, the guide I've been following doesn't seem to work in my case. Could it be due to using a different rootfs? Best, John P Looney" }, { "body": "In order to encourage ISPs to address spam issues, we will add their entire netblocks to a list if they persistently ignore abuse reports for several months. While this may initially result in our IP being delisted once action is taken, it's a long-term strategy due to the lack of global and effective anti-spam regulations. This approach is similar to ORBS, although I recall that when Eircom was listed on ORBS, many ISPs in Europe refused to accept mail from my address for months. Informing Eircom of this didn't seem to help immediately. I agree that preventing spammers is a commendable idea, but I prefer not to have my messages bounced by another ISP. Instead, I would rather manually mark them as spam or delete them. Regards Shane. For unsubscription information, please visit the website for Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "Hi John Looney, I've encountered an issue with Redhat installation on a disk. I believe I've corrupted the kernel during the process, as it insists on pulling it from another source. However, the old Cobalt kernel should be able to boot if placed in the expected location, as Cobalt systems have firmware boot code that can find the kernel and filesystem. Unfortunately, the guide I've been following doesn't seem to work for me, but it might be because I'm using a rootfs. Could you provide assistance or point me in the right direction? For unsubscription information, please see Kate Irish's contact details." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I have a Debian machine with an external ISDN terminal adapter that I'm trying to configure to dial a Cisco device using CHAP. The wvdial on Red Hat works fine for this, but when I use pon or wvdial on pppd, the PPP negotiation is detected, pppd is started, but I'm never assigned an IP address. When I look at the logs on the Cisco, it appears that instead of my dialup username, a six-digit hexadecimal number is being transmitted. The augmented interface is connected, but the last entry should be my dialup username or incoming phone number. If anyone has any ideas what I might be doing wrong, I'd appreciate any suggestions. Cheers, Dave" }, { "body": "Dear User, I'm sorry for any inconvenience you may have experienced with char lines in web mail. I'll ensure to get a mail client that supports such issues soon. Regarding your Linux installation, it seems you've successfully burned the ISOs and installed the software on your laptop. However, you're encountering an issue where the system is searching for dependencies on the internet even when they reside on your hard drive. To resolve this, I recommend using wvdial to create a dial-up connection and then install packages locally. Here are the steps: 1. Boot from the installation CD. 2. If necessary, use 'modprobe serial' and 'setserial' to configure the serial port. 3. Create a mount point for the other distribution. 4. Chroot into the other distribution. 5. Switch to a regular user. 6. Run wvdial to dial the internet. 7. Install packages as normal. 8. Switch consoles and complete the installation. Please note that the base install comes with wvdial for situations like this. If you encounter any further issues, feel free to ask. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Hello, I recently installed a Linux distribution from the latest magazine issue and ran into an issue with the network card setup during installation since I have a standard dial-up modem. As a result, I cannot download software or dependencies online. However, I was able to install the tarball which placed the tgz files on my hard drive. Now, I need help installing the necessary programs for connecting to the internet and any other required packages (e.g., kde). The problem is that when I attempt to install certain packages like kde, the system looks for dependencies online even though they reside on my hard drive. Is there a way to tell the package manager to look for the dependencies on the hard drive instead? Thank you very much for any assistance you can provide. Regarding unsubscription information, please find it below if needed." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Jakmasys, I hope this message finds you well. I wanted to discuss the topic of email security and spam prevention. It seems that TMDA is not typically an SMTP proxy, but I'll explain what an SMTP proxy is for clarity: An SMTP (Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) proxy is a server or software that acts as an intermediary for other servers sending or receiving emails via the SMTP protocol. Normally, an SMTP server stores and forwards email messages. Configuring your email server to use the SPEWS blacklist and a good open relay is a method to discourage spammers. A SPEWS (Spam Experts) blacklist lists entire ISP netblocks if the ISP consistently fails to act on abuse reports over several months. However, they are quick to delist once appropriate action is taken. In the absence of global and effective anti-spam regulations, this method is currently the most feasible approach to achieving a spam-free internet. An open relay protects against relays as you may already know. Lastly, I wanted to remind you not to send any email to or Irish Linux users for unsubscription information. Regards, Kevin Lyda" }, { "body": "Paul Jakma here, I wanted to share an idea regarding email management: TMDA (Trust-Model DNS Authentication). This system is designed to combat spam by identifying if an email sender's domain is participating in spam activities. Unfortunately, spammers often use real return addresses that aren't their own. If everyone implemented TMDA, these unlucky individuals would receive millions of additional TMDA confirmation messages along with the hundreds of thousands of undeliverable messages they currently get. The concept is similar to TMDA SMTP proxy but not as extreme as TMDANet DNSBL (Distributed Checksum Algorithm and Block List). It also includes various other checks. However, please note that we should never send emails to or Irish Linux users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Paul, I understand your suggestion about using TMDA (TrapMail Domain for Abuse) to combat spam. By mapping 'y' in Mutt to whitelist 'y' and blacklist, you effectively send the spam to each individual, making it more expensive for the spammer bandwidth-wise. However, a downside is that often spammers provide real return addresses but not their own, so these poor individuals would receive millions of TMDA confirm messages in addition to the hundreds of thousands of undeliverable messages they already get. I agree with your point about this, but it's important to remember that some Irish Linux users may not be aware of the unsubscription information and should never send email to them for such purposes." }, { "body": "Hello, I've installed Red Hat on a disk, but I'm unsure if I can get it to boot. It keeps insisting that I pull the kernel from somewhere else, specifically referencing the old Cobalt kernel. The Cobalt systems have some unique firmware boot code that can read the filesystem and locate the kernel itself if you place it in the expected location. Could you guide me on where exactly to put it for this system? Also, I've been receiving emails from 'take carescott unsch', requesting information for unsubscribing. I assume this is related to my interest in music, as 'old musicians never die, they just decompose'. If you could provide instructions for unsubscribing from this list, that would be appreciated. Best, " }, { "body": "Hello everyone, Is it possible to convert our mailing list into a newsgroup? I believe that newsgroups offer several advantages for discussion threading, offline access, and overall functionality for technical discussions. A mailing list seems less effective in this context. I am looking for suggestions as to how we could make the transition from a mailing list to a newsgroup. Please note that Paul's Hamster does not work because I receive the list through Yahoo. For those who wish to unsubscribe, you can find information about it on the 'irish linux users' list in French. Your Yahoo Mail address (en fran ais) is: irish linux users" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I'm searching for SUSE disks and was wondering if anyone has them available at a reasonable price. I am flexible with collection times and can meet anywhere in the East Greater Dublin area. If you have any, please let me know. My Yahoo email address is: irishlinuxusers@yahoo.fr (free French Yahoo mail) for unsubscription information. Regards," }, { "body": "Has anyone encountered an issue where they cannot mount a source medium for installing new packages on SUSE? The installation program locates the directory containing the source, but then states it cannot mount the source directory. For information regarding unsubscribing from Yahoo Digital and Irish Linux Users list, please refer to their respective resources." }, { "body": "John Reilly, I appreciate your perspective on newsgroups for technical discussions. While I believe they have certain advantages, I strongly disagree with your view that they work better than mailing lists. It's true that personal preference plays a significant role in this matter, but I find mailing lists more effective due to their ease of use and management. However, it's important to note that this response is in reply to your message about newsgroups, and for those who might not be aware, a newsgroup structure allows readers to eliminate threads irrelevant to them. For unsubscription information regarding the 'irish linux users' list, you can find it on Yahoo Mail under the French language interface." }, { "body": "Is it possible to transition our mailing list into newsgroups? I believe newsgroups are more suitable for threaded discussions, offline work and technical discussions in general. Although preferences may vary, I strongly disagree that a mailing list is superior for these purposes. For those wishing to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users group, please follow the instructions provided." }, { "body": "It appears you are referring to an email sent on Saturday, August, to Paul Linehan. However, it is not always clear whether this message is a response or follow-up to a previous message without context. For easier organization and thread elimination, I recommend using a more sophisticated mail client with a newsgroup structure. If you are using Mutt, a popular choice among Irish Linux users, information for unsubscribing can be found there." }, { "body": "Is there a possibility to convert our mailing list into a newsgroup format on Friday, August? If yes, I'd appreciate any information about the process and how Irish Linux users can subscribe or unsubscribe. Common practices for this might involve sending emails to news gateways." }, { "body": "I haven't encountered any issues while mounting a source medium for installing new packages on SUSE. I was able to complete the installation without problems, although I did get stuck on the DVD during the process. However, once I finished the install, I ended up with a working distro which is quite impressive! By the way, I can send and receive Hotmail on my mobile. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, you can find it here." }, { "body": "Hello Michael Conry, I understand that you're experiencing a problem with your Debian Woody system using a Ricoh IDE CD Rewriter. It seems like the system locks up when trying to write data to a CD-ROM using cdrecord. This issue is reproducible on your system and it occurs even without blanking. You've tried upgrading the kernel, compiling and installing the source for cdrecord, but the problem persists. You're wondering if there was some compile option the packager used that might cause the issue. Given the severity of the crash, it's possible this could be either an application or kernel problem. However, since you're not very knowledgeable on these things, I would recommend posting a detailed description of your problem to the Linux Kernel Mailing List. This is an appropriate course of action as it can provide insight from more experienced developers. Before posting, please ensure to carefully read the guidelines available on kernel.org. Good luck, and let me know if you have any other questions or concerns." }, { "body": "Hello Stephan, I have been using cdrecord on a Mandrake system with standard rpms for a couple of days now and it has not given any hard locks. I have already burned several CDs. This morning, I encountered a problem that I find difficult to solve and was wondering if anyone could provide some guidance. I am running Debian Woody on a Pentium III IDE-based system with a Ricoh IDE CD rewriter. I use cdrecord and the SCSI over IDE kernel modules. Last weekend, I updated the kernel and installed the new one without any problems. This morning, when I tried to burn a CD-ROM, the system locked hard. Rebooting allowed cdburning to work fine. The problem is reproducible on my system. The command I was using was cdrecord v1.4a with the 'blankfast data' option. The blanking appears to go okay, but when it tries to write data, it locks up the entire system. It cannot be pinged from outside and a hard reset is required to get back in. When it does reboot, I cannot see anything useful in any logfiles (var/log/messages, var/log/kern.log, var/log/sys.log). Cdrecord scanbus works fine and reports the two pseudo-SCSI devices: my CDR drive and my CDRW. The same lock occurs even if there is no blanking. I tried upgrading to the latest kernel patches, but it gives the same error. I also downloaded and compiled the source for cdrecord and installed it instead of the Debian package, but the problem persisted. I wonder if maybe there was some compile option the packager had used which might cause the problem and still the problem persists. Any idea why this might be happening? Is it likely to be an application or kernel problem? The severity of the crash would make me suspect it is a kernel problem, but I am not very knowledgeable on these things. Should I post a description of this to the kernel mailing list if this is an appropriate course of action? Are there any tips beyond the guidelines on kernel.org like I said, I'm lost on this one so any info is very gratefully received. Best regards, Michael Conry" }, { "body": "Dear User, I have been using cdrecord on a Mandrake system with standard RPMS for a few days now, and I haven't encountered any hard locks. I've already burned several CDs without issue. Thank you for your help, I had suspected that if it was a widespread problem, it would have been fixed by now. It seems more likely that the issue is due to a mistake or misconfiguration on my part. However, I am unsure where to look for this misconfiguration. Regards, Michael Conry For unsubscription information, please refer to the key fingerprint of Irish Linux Users." }, { "body": "For the past few days, I have been utilizing cdrecord on a Mandrake system with standard RPMS. To my surprise, I didn't encounter any hard locks while using it. I have successfully burned a couple of CDs. By the way, do you possess a SCSI CD burner? Regarding unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please find the details below." }, { "body": "The issue arises when attempting to install a hard disk, it appears as if it's already mounted. For optimal performance with Yahoo Digital on your PC, we recommend the following steps for Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information: 1. Ensure the hard disk is properly disconnected from any other devices. 2. Restart your computer. 3. Reconnect the hard disk and attempt installation again. 4. If the problem persists, you may need to manually mount or unmount the hard disk through your Linux file manager or terminal. For unsubscription information, please visit our website and navigate to the 'Subscription Management' section." }, { "body": "I am seeking the SUSE disks and was wondering if anyone has them available at a reasonable price. I apologize for any confusion caused by my previous message regarding internet mail threading, as it appears some users have this feature turned off. For those who do use threading, I hope this message does not cause unnecessary confusion." }, { "body": "On Thursday, concerning Padraig Brady, I hope he's not being serious. It seems to me, from my occasional reading of LKML, that the IDE has been in decline since Andre Hedrick was effectively removed as maintainer. Martin Dalecki appears to be struggling with further development without causing much breakage. This is part of the challenge in kernel development. Alan and others are frustrated because they can't develop while the IDE is broken. However, I hope that the IDE port will prove beneficial for Irish Linux users for those who wish to unsubscribe. For more information on unsubscription, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "On Thursday, I wanted to share some thoughts about Dave Wilson, one of Dijkstra's children who learned programming at an early age despite being brain-damaged. He no longer uses the 'goto' command or any of its descendants like 'break', 'continue', or 'fudged function calls with sleight of hand in the variables'. His code may be longer than it could be if he had used them, but he prefers to avoid using 'break'. He has raised concerns about the use of case statement blocks and leaving a for/while loop when you know you're finished. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "From reading LKML occasionally, it appears that the Linux kernel development has seemingly regressed since Andre Hedrick was no longer the maintainer. It seems that Martin Dalecki has been struggling to continue development without causing significant issues. This raises the question as to why Hedrick was removed if it wasn't broken. The saying 'If it ain't broke, don't fix it' comes to mind. For those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, please find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Subject: Concerns about Linux Kernel Module (LKML) and IDE Subsystem It appears that since Andre Hedrick was effectively removed as the maintainer of the IDE subsystem, there have been issues with further development under Martin Dalecki, resulting in frequent breakages. This raises the question: why remove Hedrick if it isn't broken? The IDE subsystem is likened to the One Ring - its complexity due to supporting numerous problematic chipsets makes it inherently troublesome. A few months of working with the code can make one skeptical, while years can turn one into a cynic. Unfortunately, they have yet to find a hobbit who can code, so mortal humans must suffice. For those Linux users wishing to unsubscribe, please find the relevant information below." }, { "body": "Subject: Discussion on Linux Kernel Developments Dear Paul Jakmakey, The recent query about the removal of Handrickandre and the perceived difference in interaction styles between him and Martin raises an interesting point. While Martin seems to navigate well with people within the LinuxKernel community, there are concerns about his current understanding of the IDE code. However, the old adage 'if it ain't broke, don't fix it' comes into play here. Nevertheless, adding features such as tagged commands, serial ATA support for new chipsets, and addressing bugs in various drives and chips is crucial. Despite these concerns about the IDE code, Linus Torvalds, the developer, has stated that he works on an IDE machine without any issues. Nonetheless, comments from the LK community suggest otherwise. Regarding your unsubscription request, please find below the information for Irish Linux users. Best regards, The Team" }, { "body": "Hi Paul, regarding our previous conversation about SUSE, I should have started a new thread for my distinct request. Here are my suggestions: 1. If you're looking to purchase a retail boxed set of SUSE, it might be through mail order. However, the only editions that can be legally duplicated and redistributed are the single CD images (currently at v). This option will give you one disk's worth of SUSE, which may be several revisions behind the boxed set editions. 2. If you prefer a live version of SUSE, there is another CD image available (also at v), but it doesn't install to hard drives - it's more of a demo disk. 3. There's also an FTP edition for SUSE (not a CD image), but this requires you to mirror the FTP directory tree and then figure out how to install it, say, over NFS. 4. There are three non-redistributable boxed set editions available at different price points. I assume your system is a typical computer; answers for alpha, sparc, ppc, or other specific platforms may vary. If you need to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, you can find the information here: " }, { "body": "Hello Damian O'Sullivan, I have a piece of information regarding your request about running Gnome on SPARC systems. Previously, I ran a SPARC version of the system on a Sun Ultra, which worked fine, though it was somewhat slow. I understand that you have been trying to get Linux installed on several Sunray boxes for some time with mixed results. As far as I know, it is possible to install Linux on Sunrays in a regular manner on the server, and then the Sun installation will make the necessary changes to the dtlogin screen, allowing you to select Gnome (or any other window manager) from there. However, since I don't administer Sunray servers, I am not fully aware of the issues or exact requirements. If anyone has succeeded in this, please let us know. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from the list, kindly provide the information." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, I apologize for any confusion caused by my previous reply. It seems there was a misunderstanding about the threading mechanism in Yahoo Mail. Unfortunately, Yahoo Mail does not seem to have a built-in feature for threading emails as efficiently as Outlook Express. This, coupled with the fact that the list can fill up your inbox after about a week without pruning, has led to my initial complaints. I would like to be able to follow the discussions on the list without overwhelming my Yahoo account. To avoid any future confusion, I should have started a new thread for my request about SUSE CDs and will make sure not to repeat this error again. Regarding your request for an unsubscription from the Irish Linux Users list, you can find the necessary information within the list itself or by sending an email to the appropriate address. Lastly, I would like to apologize for any inconvenience caused by my accidental private email. Best regards, Nick" }, { "body": "I decided to test Gargnome and found it intriguing, but I encountered several bugs. Sawfish exhibited erratic behavior and threw errors everywhere, so I switched to Metacity which doesn't have a guiconfigurator. I'm not keen on going back to the days of FVWM where settings had to be manually set without knowing what the values looked like. Unfortunately, I had to return to Sawfish due to issues with applets and panel functionalities. The ldlibrarypath was changed, but now the panel can't create new workspaces. Could you please suggest any solutions or explain if Sawfish silently modified the config files? Additionally, for unsubscription information, kindly provide details." }, { "body": "Hi Rick, I believe you might be interested in purchasing a retail boxed set of SUSE Linux via mail order. The only editions that can be duplicated and redistributed are the ones you're permitted to own. I was under the impression that it was GPLd and the money paid to SUSE was for support, but since you don't need support, a set of disks with billions of applications, which you may never use, isn't of interest to you. However, a friend of yours has a professional version, so I suggest asking him instead. For unsubscription information on the yahoo mail list 'irish linux users', please refer to their instructions." }, { "body": "I'm afraid I'm confused as well. It seemed to me that you were referring to SUSE Linux Enterprise (gled) and thought the money paid to SUSE was for their day-to-day support or similar services. However, about a year ago, SUSE revoked its free offering of its retail distribution. As far as I know, SUSE can't prevent someone who owns a CD from burning a copy and giving it to me. But the GPL (GNU General Public License) may not allow SUSE to distribute their proprietary software in this manner. It appears that the only free version of SUSE available is its TP (Trial and Packaging) offering, and they aren't obligated to provide anything more than the FTP version. I'm not asking for their email support or similar services if I wanted those, I would pay for them. Instead, I'm seeking someone who owns a GPL-licensed SUSE Linux to burn a copy for me in exchange for a reasonable consideration, such as the cost of the CDs and a bottle of Frascati or a couple of pints. The GPL doesn't seem to grant me this specific right, but I could be wrong as I don't use SUSE myself." }, { "body": "Approximately a year to a year and a half ago, SUSE revoked its free offering of its retail distribution. This decision coincided with the start of an economic downturn. While SUSE cannot be forced to provide anything other than the FTP version, it seems questionable that they can prevent a CD owner from burning a copy and sharing it with others. The GPL applies only to certain parts of the SUSE CDs, as Yast and other components may have more proprietary licenses or involve third-party commercial products that cannot be freely copied under the GPL. For those interested in unsubscribing from Kenn Irish Linux Users group, you can find the information on their website." }, { "body": "Subject: Clarification on GPL and Linux Distribution In your email, Paul Linehan discussed the GPL (GNU General Public License) in relation to a typical Linux distribution. To clarify, it seems that there might be some confusion about the different licenses associated with various components of a distribution. The GPL is not applicable to everything on a Linux distribution. For example, Perl is under the Perl Artistic License, Apache is under the Apache License, and numerous BSD utilities are under the BSD License. Additionally, many applications included in distributions such as Xv Acrobat Reader, Pine, Pico, Netscape Communicator, and others are proprietary and not open source. However, the GPL does provide certain rights to those who receive a lawful copy of covered binary code. Specifically, it allows them to insist on one of certain forms of access to the matching source code. This does not grant any rights if no one has provided a lawful copy. In relation to SUSE, they are in compliance with the GPL's source code access provisions concerning GPLed code included in their distribution. No one has the right to alter license terms for someone else's copyrighted property. Regarding your question about obtaining a Linux distribution that is GPLed and burning a copy, it should be noted that duplicating and redistributing entire boxed sets of SUSE (or any other distribution) may constitute copyright infringement. Only evaluation and live CD editions can be duplicated and redistributed under certain conditions. If you wish to obtain a SUSE boxed set for installation, you should buy one directly from the vendor. I would strongly recommend reading the GPL if you haven't already done so." }, { "body": "Kenn Humborg noted that not everything on SUSE CDs is GPLed. To my knowledge, YAST has a more proprietary license and there may be other third-party commercial products on there as well which cannot be freely copied under the GPL. The FTP-able tree (eg for) contains only items whose licenses allow public redistribution, even where they are not open source. The retail boxed sets (Personal Edition, Professional Edition, and Enterprise Edition) add a number of additional proprietary apps that are very much not freely redistributable. I have made a list of some proprietary apps in SUSE which are not redistributable: UOfW, Pine, Picopilot, John Bradley's XV Graphics Tool, TC Zhao and Mark Overmarss XForms, Xformsd Graphics Toolkits, AGS Middleware, Poet Software Corp FastObjects SDK for Java and C++, IBM Java Winmodem Driver, MainConcept GmbH's MainActor Video Editing Package, MimerSQL, MGE UpS System, Personal Solution, Pac MGE Power Management Software, Real Networks' RealPlayer, Adobe Acrobat Reader, Software AGS (ADABAS DHBEDV, Datentechnik GmbH's Antivir VKNOX, Software Comms Arkeia Data Analytics Package, Enterprise Solution Server (ERP Systems), Sun Microsystems Borland Kylix Open Edition, Moneydance, Opera Software's Opera Browser, Heisch Automatisierungstechnik's Serial Interface to SIMATIC PLCs, Databases (Sun Microsystems Star Office, VMware Inc's VMware vShop Ecommerce Software for MySQL). These are either available only via retail sale or are available lawfully on the public internet only from authorized distribution sites or on CDs from authorized distributors. The exact terms differ: For example, you can download Borland Kylix Open Edition from borland.com free of charge but you'll notice there's no mention of any right to redistribute. That right is reserved by default to the copyright owners and Borland doesn't include it in the Kylix proprietary license. Cheers! If you're an Irish Linux user and want to unsubscribe, please rotate your phone 90 degrees and try again." }, { "body": "If you wish to exit a loop mid-way during Albert White Sun Ireland event because of a certain condition, it would be more appropriate to use a while loop instead of a for loop with a flag set to true. In your case, if you have found the special case, you should consider setting the flag to jump out of the loop using either a break or similar construct within the while loop. If you're already using such a construct in a while loop, it might be worth reconsidering the guard condition. However, this does not directly apply to a case statement which, in my opinion, is cleaner when dealing with multiple branches. Nevertheless, it may still warrant refactoring if there are many branches. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please refer to the following: " }, { "body": "If you're using a break or similar construct within a while loop, it might be beneficial to reevaluate your guard condition. This point hadn't crossed my mind initially, but it doesn't necessarily address the case of using a break inside a select statement. In my opinion, a case statement is cleaner than an if statement when dealing with multiple branches, but it may need to be refactored using polymorphism if there are too many branches. Regarding the use of break within a select statement, I suggest considering it as part of the syntax rather than a control flow modifier. It's important to note that this is a mandatory part of the syntax when encountered in such contexts. For unsubscribing Irish Linux users, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Kate, I hope this message finds you well. I apologize for any confusion, but it seems there was a misunderstanding about GPLD. The payment made to SUSE was for their services, which may include day-to-day support or other RPMs, not the copyright of the distribution as a whole. This, in my opinion, is not consistent with the spirit of the GPL, and I appreciate you clarifying this. Regarding your request for a Linux distribution, unfortunately, I don't have any personal preference for a specific distro. However, if you're looking for alternatives to Red Hat, Mandrake or other distributions are available. You mentioned that people are prepared to burn copies and allow distribution for a small fee. Please note that it is essential to ensure these actions comply with the licensing terms of each distribution. For unsubscription information from the Irish Linux Users list, please refer to their provided guidelines. If you need a free Yahoo Mail address in French, you can create one through the following link: (https://fr.yahoo.com/mail/create-account?src=yml) Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear recipient, In reference to Nick Murtagh's list, I must clarify that I compiled this list a while ago and did not re-research it before posting today. Therefore, I offer three potential candidates for your consideration: 1. SAP had a proprietary version licensed to SUSE at the time, which may still be applicable today. 2. SAP still has one licensed to SUSE today, but I'm not certain if this is the same or a different version. 3. It is certainly a possibility that an Irish Linux version for unsubscription information exists. However, I apologize for any confusion caused as I muffed the part about these candidates during my initial communication and was speaking 'through my hat.' I hope this helps clarify the situation, and please let me know if you need further assistance. Best regards," }, { "body": "Regarding Rick Moen's non-freely redistributable apps in the Boxed SAP Database (the same one as provided on the GPL/LGPL Irish Linux Users list), I'm reaching out for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Hi Kenn, Regarding your query about the 'break' statement in SQL, it is indeed a part of the syntax rather than a control flow modifier. However, at the assembly level, it gets translated into jump instructions. While it's technically not mandatory to use 'break', leaving it out can result in the control flow continuing to the next case, which can be useful in certain situations. For Linux users seeking unsubscription information, please find it below. Best, Nick" }, { "body": "Dear Paul Linehan and John P Looney, I understand your confusion regarding the GPL and SUSE. To clarify, while the money paid to SUSE does include support for their RPMs and distribution as a whole, the work is indeed copyrighted by SUSE. This might seem contrary to the spirit of GPL, but it's important to note that the copyright ownership doesn't necessarily conflict with the principles of the GPL. Regarding your request for copies of Red Hat Official download ISOs, since you can't sell them under the name Red Hat, I cannot provide those. However, I can offer you copies of Trend Linux if you are interested. If not, I have CDs from Woody Debian that could be an alternative. If you're looking for information on unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users list, unfortunately, I don't have that information at hand. You may need to find a different source or directly contact the administrators of the list. Best Regards," }, { "body": "Regarding John P Looney's email, he is stating that SUSE Linux AG holds the copyright for the distribution as a whole (including the RPMs and associated installer program). He suggests that to distribute a version of SUSE free of encumbrances from SUSE Linux AG, one could write a replacement installer and omit other associated elements. This is considered a matter of programming. The article and its poster have been cancelled by Rick Moen, David B Odonnel (Sysadmin for America Online), and the Irish Linux Users group for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Approximately a year and a half ago, SUSE revoked its free offering of its retail distribution. This decision coincided with the start of an economic downturn. SUSE no longer provides a free version of its main product. The last free version of SUSE that could be obtained in Linux format was around this time. For simplicity, let's focus on this aspect as there are additional complexities for other architectures. Essentially, SUSE makes most of the other architecture ISO images available for free because they aren't selling boxed sets and want the public to have them anyway. These ISOs include third-party proprietary apps but not the highly restricted ones available in boxed set editions. You can obtain a single disk image of the SUSE evaluation edition from various places, including here or its mirror. Note the limited rights granted for use of the SUSE-originated YAST program. Specifically, redistribution rights to the distribution as a whole, apparently covering the FTP edition and the evaluation edition, are stated. Please ensure you meet the following conditions if you intend to mirror SUSE Linux: YAST in particular may not be reproduced on CDs or other media for value. Reproduction for personal or educational use is explicitly allowed and encouraged. It's unclear if SUSE has made a claim of compilation copyright on its ISOs or distribution as a whole, but essentially the only free version of SUSE will be its FTP offering. The FTP edition and the evaluation edition may be redistributed more or less freely as long as it's not for value. The live-eval edition, which is a demo, also falls under this." }, { "body": "In response to your email regarding Nick Murtagh's comments on Rick Moen about non-freely redistributable apps in Boxed SAP Database (similar to the one released under GPL-LGPL), it appears that SAP did go open source at some point. However, please note that just because a company decides to make a codebase open source with a new release version, it does not automatically mean that all versions previously released are also open source. A license attaches to a copy of a creative work, so if there was a proprietary, non-redistributable copy in SUSE boxed sets, it remains proprietary and non-redistributable unless SAP AG decides to issue a separate permission grant for it. For information on unsubscribing from the mailing list, please refer to the instructions provided." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, I hope this message finds you well. I believe there seems to be a misunderstanding regarding the GNU GPL and SUSE Linux. It's important to understand that while many Linux distributions contain various codebases, not all of them are under the GNU GPL. Some parts may not be subject to the GPL at all. I hope this clears up any confusion you might have had about the relationship between the GNU GPL and receiving software for free. Please note that I'm not advocating for or against SUSE Linux, but explaining the principles of the GNU GPL. As for your request for a SUSE boxed set, if you don't want to infringe copyright laws or pay the purchase price, the only legal way would be to obtain a copy from someone who owns it without asking them to lend or duplicate it. I trust this information helps you. If you have any further questions or need clarification on any points, feel free to ask. Best regards." }, { "body": "Dear Rick Moen, It seems you're not satisfied with SUSE's product licensing and have considered creating your own Linux distribution. You suggested that it could be put together using components from SUSE, while adhering to their licensing terms. I understand your concern about the difficulty of such a task. As far as I know, there are no Linux distributions originating from this island, and indeed, it might prove to be quite challenging, if not prone to failure. However, you've proposed the name 'Dolmen Linux,' and creating a distribution could certainly be an intriguing project. One of the first hurdles that such a suggestion would encounter is the choice of packaging system. Some might prefer a FreeBSD-style ports system, others a Debian-style system, and still others an RPM-style packaging. Nevertheless, other Linux User Groups (LUGs) have managed to do interesting things, like creating Blackbox, so the creation of a distro could be... well, quite entertaining. I'm only laughing on the outside; if you could see inside, you might find me weeping, too. If you're interested in unsubscribing from our Irish Linux Users list, please let us know." }, { "body": "Dear Rick Moen, I believe I have a better understanding of your confusion now. To clarify, SUSE Linux is indeed a Linux distribution that contains various separate codebases, some under the GNU GPL while others are not. Commercial entities, such as SUSE, offer trial, limited, or crippled editions without any problem. However, it seems you were under the impression that SUSE only sells support and customization, rather than the core product itself. It appears that what confused you was SUSE's proprietary extensions that they are not prepared to allow people to use under the GPL or even a FreeBSD-style license. I see your concern about this going against the spirit of the GPL. Regarding your misconception that paying for SUSE gives you the right to receive the source code for free, it does not. You only need to pay for the media to legally obtain a copy of the binary version, but you don't own the source code. You may request the source code under the terms of the GPL, but it's subject to agreement between the parties. If you have no interest in purchasing SUSE boxed sets or its support services and only need the operating system and GNU apps, your friend can lend you his copy without copyright violation. However, you cannot make a duplicate of his CDs, as that would be illegal. Lastly, if you wish to create your own Linux distribution using SUSE's components while adhering to their licensing terms, it is technically possible but may require considerable effort. Alternatively, you can consider trying a different Linux distribution that better suits your needs. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Paul Linehan, Rick Moen and All, I hope this message finds you well. I understand there may have been some confusion regarding the GNU GPL and the right to obtain covered software for free. To clarify, the GPL does not provide this right. What I was under the impression is that one needs to pay only for the media and not for the code itself. I offered a bottle of wine, maybe a pint or two, and a chat in exchange for a copy of the software. I believe this falls within the agreement between the parties as the latter is subjective. The GPL does allow you to charge for the binaries, but it's important to note that if you do so, you must provide the source code to anyone who asks. This could potentially create a market for people willing to pay for the convenience of getting a binary version. However, the GPL also poses a challenge to any business plan that solely resells GPL software. You can charge for it if you wish, but you must provide some value for that money to avoid going out of business quickly. Providing convenience, friendly installers, vendor-supplied updates, having what lots of other people have, and the warm fuzzy feeling of getting something from a real company are potential ways to do this. I understand that there will be segments of the market willing to pay various amounts for GPL software, while others may not. Fortunately, the GPL allows for both scenarios, but the source code will always be free or minimally costly later on. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Nick Murtagh and Kenn Humborg, Regarding our recent discussion on select statements, it appears that your points revolve around the use of 'break' as part of the syntax rather than a control flow modifier. Although it is understood at an assembly level that break can turn into jump instructions, it should not be used in programming unless explicitly necessary. While you are correct that the break statement is not mandatory and the control flow will continue to the next case if omitted, it is generally advisable not to use things like 'goto' and 'break' to alter the flow of control in your program. This rule serves as a useful guideline, making it easier for other programmers to follow how control moves through a function when the basic control blocks do all the work. For example, replacing a break in a while loop with a modified while expression demonstrates this, as you only need to look in one place to see when you'll run off the end of the loop rather than hunt through the entire loop. However, the provided example was not particularly effective due to adding an extra test for 'done' and setting it to 'true' within the loop, which is essentially the same as using a break. In essence, leaving out break statements disrupts the assumption that flow goes in zero or one case blocks and exits from the bottom. My suggestion is to only omit breaks in specific situations, and generally include them at the end of each case to ensure clarity for future programmers. Later, Kenn, for unsubscription information, please visit our website." }, { "body": "Dear Paul, I apologize for any irritability on my part regarding this matter. I understand that you have previously understood the concept of limited, crippled editions and how they work with commercial entities such as SUSE. I agree that it seems counterintuitive for there to be a problem with this for SUSE, but let me clarify some points. Firstly, while it is true that SUSE makes money from selling boxed sets, they are also glad to make some versions available for almost unrestricted distribution. However, their motivation for doing so is speculation on my part, as I can't speak for their intentions. What I do know for certain is that they have granted permissions that apply to the SUSE-produced components such as Yast, the distribution installer program, and possibly other utilities. The point of confusion was your belief that SUSE had proprietary extensions that it wasn't prepared to allow people to use under the GPL or even under a FreeBSD style license. This is not correct, as copyright law does not permit somebody else's work to be placed under a new license without their permission. To clarify, you cannot take SUSE Linux AG's work and redistribute it under what you claim to be a BSD license or the GPL or anything at all other than what the copyright owner has specified because you simply lack the right to do so. This is a common misconception about using GPL software with proprietary offerings, but it is not accurate. If you require support from SUSE, that would be a different issue and one for which you would be willing to pay. I hope this helps clarify some of the licensing questions you had. Best regards, Live Faust Die Jungrick Moen" }, { "body": "Dear Wintermute Rick Moen, It appears you have expressed discontent with SUSE's product licensing. If you're interested, consider creating your own distribution using components primarily sourced from SUSE, keeping in mind the specific licensing terms for each component. Red Hat, for example, provides everything needed to build a modified distribution, with most components under GPL or free licenses. Contrary to your assertion, there are indeed Linux kernel hackers and distributions that originate from this fair island. However, creating a new distribution may prove challenging and subject to potential failure. If you're up for the task, you could name it Dolmen Linux or any other preferred name. The packaging system would likely be one of the first hurdles, with different opinions favoring FreeBSD-style ports, Debian-style packages, or RPM-style packaging. Nonetheless, other LUGs (Linux User Groups) have achieved interesting feats, such as creating Blackbox. Creating a distribution could be an intriguing endeavor. There were discussions in the past about customizing regular distributions like Red Hat or Debian for Ireland's needs, such as translations, ISP setups, and default bookmarks. These attempts didn't take off, but why not give it a try yourself? For those who wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, kindly find the details below. Best regards," }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August 23rd, I am not aware of any Linux kernel hackers or distributions originating from this island, which is presumably Ireland. However, there may be Irish kernel hackers who are members of this list. For unsubscription information, please refer to the provided details. Regards, Paul J. (Quote: 'Never send an email to a man you wish to govern and he will be governed.' - William Penn, founder of Pennsylvania)" }, { "body": "I believe you haven't attempted using the boot parameter if you are utilizing LILO and Anderson Mon at John P Looney. I found out that your boot filesystem and the bootvmlinuxgz file must be a gzipped vmlinux file, not a vmlinuz one. This might not be apparent when you've been struggling with a problem for a few days. Furthermore, when you create a filesystem named 'boot', it gets wiped by the Red Hat etcfstab, so when you boot from a rescue CD, it doesn't mount as 'boot' and doesn't inform you of this. This can easily lead to confusion, especially if you think you are working on mntsysimageboot but nothing changes. Anyway, I have managed to get the Red Hat kernel booting, but the kernel is not loading root as it keeps mounting curiously. When I go into the boot prompt and use setparams, I can tell it to mount as root, but then it uses the prom copy of the kernel which doesn't know about the disk and wants to fsck it up. The rdev on the vmlinux file before gzipping does not work; I assume you cannot run rdev on the gzipped version. I am looking for other ideas on how to tell a kernel where its root filesystem is. Best regards, Anders Holm, Critical Path Technical Support Engineer." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , regarding Anders Holm's issue with booting a kernel using Lilo, I believe you haven't tried the boot parameter. If you are indeed using Lilo and Cobalts typically don't, instead they use an openboot-like prompt that searches for a partition containing a file called 'bootvmlinuxgz'. Nothing else seems to work for setting parameters, but I think the only way is by using a 'setparams' line. However, when I ran 'setparams' and then 'bfd bootvmlinuxgz', it boots the old kernel, presumably from the prompt. It seems that if something goes wrong, no error message is displayed, it just defaults to the original kernel. By the way, 'bfd' stands for 'boot from disk'. For unsubscription information, please refer to the email sent by Kate Irish, Linux User." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Linehan and Team, I hope this message finds you well. I am writing in regards to the issue I've tried to address earlier about SUSE. It appears that the licensing terms, or more specifically, the apparent mixing of proprietary and open-source elements, is causing concern for me. This practice, if indeed it is true, seems to mirror the behavior from the past that split Unix into a mess, leading to the issues it faced before Linux emerged. In my humble opinion, this type of conduct is reprehensible due to its potential to lock users into an operating system. In the past, vendors wrote their own peculiar installers and configuration tools to achieve this. They added functionality unavailable on other systems to differentiate themselves from the competition. This includes proprietary elements such as Motif on non-free OSes, incompatible filesystems, etc. While these practices may have been beneficial when sharing code was not commonplace, they now harm the user experience. As an Irish Linux user, I would appreciate if you could provide information regarding unsubscription from your services. Kind Regards," }, { "body": "On Tuesday, you mentioned that it's incredibly challenging to work with Linux on Wintermute, as there are no known Linux kernel hackers or distros originating from this island. However, I recently came across Antefacto Embedded Linux which is a nice little distro running on a flash card, featuring a read-only root filesystem, ideal for small embedded systems. It's a very cut down version of Red Hat. Could we possibly share the build system and everything else that makes it interesting? Distros in general might seem like a waste of time, but I'm not entirely sure how much better something like Debian or Red Hat could be compared to what you've created yourself unless you're targeting a specific niche. For unsubscribing information, please refer to the details below." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , regarding Wintermute's challenge, I am not aware of any Linux kernel hackers or distributions originating from this island. However, there seems to be a mailing list on Linuxie for this topic. Also, I recall Niall's work on the BBC, but not the one you are referring to (Bootable Business Card). To quote G.B. Shaw, 'A believer is happier than a skeptic, and a drunken man happier still.' However, the comfort of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality. For those interested in unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users list, please find the relevant information there." }, { "body": "Hello Justin, I believe your issue with setting up a CVS server on Redhat might be related to firewall or connection settings. Here are some steps you can take: 1. Check if cvspserver is running using the command: netstat -nat | grep cvspserver. 2. Ensure that your firewall is turned off or has a rule added for cvspserver. 3. Try logging in via telnet with an account that is in the cvs group and run 'cvs login xxxxx'. If you still get 'cvs login: connect to connection refused', check your firewall settings again. 4. The command 'chkconfig list' returns 'on' for xinetd based services on your Redhat box. However, for the CVS user, it should return 'on' for cvspserver specifically. 5. The command 'echo cvsroot; ls -la home/cvsroot/repository' shows the repository directory, but it's not clear why you are checking the 'home' directory of 'cvsroot'. Instead, try navigating to '/etc/cvshome' or the path where your CVS home directory is supposed to be. Hope this helps! Let me know if you need further assistance. Regarding unsubscription information, please check the documentation for the mailing list you are subscribed to for details on how to unsubscribe. Best, " }, { "body": "Was the 'Ultra' server you referred to indeed the 'Sunray' server? If so, what images were served to the Sunrays for booting them via tftpdhcp? Hi Damian. SUSE has a SPARC version that I previously ran on a Sun Ultra, which worked fine although it was somewhat slow. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please refer to the appropriate resources." }, { "body": "It seems that when you boot into the prom and use 'setparams' to mount as root, it is using the prom copy of the kernel which appears to be an older MIPS-based one. This old kernel doesn't recognize your disk and may cause damage. This issue seems to occur on a Cobalt system. Is this correct? I assume you are using an Irish Linux distribution for which unsubscription information can be found below if needed." }, { "body": "Hello, I understand that you're considering creating an Irish-focused Linux distribution, possibly similar to Ximian Red Hat or using a BSD ports system. While it's indeed challenging and might involve complications, especially in terms of packaging systems (FreeBSD style ports, Debian style, or RPM), it's not entirely impossible. If you proceed with this idea, SUSE's licensing terms should be heeded, as you suggested. As for Linux kernel hackers and distros originating from Ireland, I'm not aware of any specific ones at the moment. However, creating a distribution could indeed be an intriguing project that would bring together Irish Linux users. Please note that this is just a thought, and I can understand if you find it daunting. If you need to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users Group list, here's the information for that: " }, { "body": "Dear Damian O'Sullivan, I hope this message finds you well. I recently encountered an issue with the boot prompt on a Cobalt server, specifically when using 'setparams' to mount as root, it appears to load a suspicious kernel that could potentially damage my disk. This system seems to be an old MIPS-based one, and I was wondering if this is indeed the case and how you managed to access it. In fact, I was attempting to install NetBSD on this machine, but gave up halfway and instead copied the installed system to the boot sector. While this worked in terms of booting into the new system, it's currently mounting as root but I'm encountering issues related to kate or Irish Linux users. If you have any insights or guidance regarding this issue, or if you could provide me with unsubscription information for the Irish Linux users list, I would greatly appreciate it. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hi there, I received your email regarding the prom and the qubes/raqs devices with LCD displays. I see that you are looking for a way to enter commands into these devices, but currently, it appears they only have an LCD display and no input method like a keyboard or touchscreen. I'm guessing you might be using a serial cable or something similar for input, correct? I remember we were working on getting NetBSD installed on an old machine of yours that Liam was helping with. It seems like these days, most machines don't come with such capabilities anymore. Anyway, I understand you had to compromise and copy the system onto a USB stick and set the bootfs to be it. It worked, though it seems to be mounting an AS instead. I'm making progress, though. For those who are Linux users looking to unsubscribe from the list, please find the information below: Best regards, Kate" }, { "body": "I acknowledge the value of work like Niall's on BBC, however, there seems to be a general curiosity about an Irish distribution. If you are an Irish Linux user and wish to unsubscribe from our current service for updates on this topic, please provide your unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Dear Damian O'Sullivan, I found myself rather puzzled when I entered the boot prompt and used 'setparams' to mount as root. It appears that it is utilizing the bootprom copy of the kernel, a seemingly outdated one which doesn't recognize my disk and seems intent on corrupting it. The machine in question is a Cobalt, an old MIPS-based system. I presume I accessed it via serial connection. I believe this is actually a different issue from the one we were previously dealing with, although Liam was helping me install NetBSD on another old machine of mine. Regardless, I seem to have managed to get it running by copying the root filesystem onto it and setting the 'bootfs' to be that copy. However, it is mounting as read-only at the moment. I hope this clears up the issue. If you require any additional information or assistance, please let me know. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hi Damian O'Sullivan, I hope this message finds you well. I have an assortment of Qubes and Raqs here, all equipped with LCD displays. However, I can't seem to find a way to enter commands via these displays. Are you using a serial cable or some other method? Just for clarification, when powering on the box while pressing the recessed button near the LCD screen, you can use a paper clip as a makeshift switch for the serial console. You'll see 'press space to enter the prompt'. Please note that it's a rudimentary prompt but still a prompt nonetheless. For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Linux users group, kindly provide the necessary information." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , at Ryan Shane's, I found myself pondering an idea that has been lingering in my mind for a couple of months. However, I've always perceived it as too complex to implement, if my thoughts are clear. It seems overly complicated, as evident from the state of Gentoo Linux. Just because something can be done, doesn't necessarily mean it should. I'm reaching out for subscriber information." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August xx at Ryan Shane Distro, we encountered a segfault with core dumped. For those who are using Irish Linux and wish to unsubscribe from our service, please find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, August , regarding Padraig Brady's issue, it seems that flashing the hardware with the provided PROM Abeta one didn't resolve the problem as expected to get the kernels booting. If you need assistance or have any questions about this process, feel free to ask. For Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from updates or newsletters, please provide your information so we can facilitate your request." }, { "body": "I've never used Gentoo, but from what I understand, something similar to it such as a GUI installer for Shane, Shure, Patrick V would be appealing. This idea has been on my mind for a couple of months now, however, I've always considered it too complex to carry out, if that makes any sense at all. It seems overwhelming, just look at the complexity of Gentoo. Just because something can be done doesn't necessarily mean it should be done. For unsubscription information, please find below the list of Irish Linux users:" }, { "body": "Kate P Looney vendors have developed unique, proprietary installer configuration tools to establish a competitive advantage by offering functionalities not available on other operating systems. While this differentiation is beneficial for them, it also leads to numerous variations of the same product. The advantage of open source is that everyone can share and use a common standard, making administration easier. As more companies and public sector organizations understand the open source paradigm, we are likely to see an increase in Linux distributions, as creating a new one from, say, Debian requires relatively little effort compared to customizing the desktop settings of many enterprise admins. This viewpoint may be debated depending on one's perspective, but discussing profit motives and their impact is beyond the scope of this list." }, { "body": "I haven't used Gentoo before, so I'll have to trust your word on it. Something similar to Ximian Red Hat, like a GUI installer for Shane, Shure, and Patrick, would be great. Notor Slackware with ports instead of Portage might work better for Irish Linux users. For unsubscription information, please visit our website." }, { "body": "I have unfortunately misplaced the URL for the tarball in question, which I had on a CD somewhere. However, the bblcd toolkit is similar but is used for building a CD-based distribution by Shane Time (original post by Kevin Lyda from August ILUG SUSE thread). The thread was slightly altered on Tuesday, August, by Ryan Shane (distro discussion thread). There's also an issue with this segment causing a segfault and a core dumped. For unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users mailing list, please refer to the provided list." }, { "body": "Hi there, I've never used Gentoo myself, so I can only agree with your sentiments. A user-friendly installer similar to Ximian Red Hat might be appealing, like what Shane, Shure, and Patrick would appreciate. However, it shouldn't be Slackware with ports, but more like FreeBSD ports with a Gentoo-style package management system. Some might view this as a step backwards among Irish Linux users. For unsubscription information, please see below." }, { "body": "Shane Ryan, it seems you are considering the creation of an Irish distro. I have my own thoughts on this matter and would be eager to participate in such a project. However, as it would require a substantial amount of funding, which I currently do not have, I haven't started the project myself yet. In case you are interested, Yahoo offers everything one might need, including news, sport, email, and music charts. For those who prefer Linux and wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, please provide unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Have you noticed that ESTA has been directing most of their traffic through Concert? I recently conducted a traceroute and it appears that they are no longer at the heart of the internet. For unsubscription information, please contact Chris Chrishiggins on the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "On John P Looney Vendors, they developed their unique, unconventional installer and configuration tools to restrict users to their operating system. They incorporated features that were not available on other OSes, making themselves distinct from the competition. For instance, they used non-free filesystems, incompatible with many others, and utilized Motif on non-free OSes. However, Motif may not be the best example, as it was more a unifier across Unix subspecies than a differentiator for Linux. It could be due to the fact that every Sun Solaris box since version Mumble shipped with it, along with every HP-UX box and other mainstream proprietary Linux distributions. Longer filenames or differences in ps options, such as sysv or bsd, or the entire development tree or libc implementation could also be factors. Irish Linux users can unsubscribe by contacting us for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Of course, it would necessitate a minimum of $10,000 in funding which is why I haven't initiated this project personally. You are referring to the establishment of a company to act as a vendor in the early days of Debian, Slackware, and other similar projects. Back then, there was no such thing as financing for Irish Linux users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "I came across two insightful analyses of Ireland's copyright implementation, primarily guided by ASPI (Asbest OSOR). Given that the EUCD (European Union Copyright Directive) is more recent than the Irish law, these pieces are particularly noteworthy. The papers authored by Professor Robert Clark might be a suitable choice for a future LUG (Linux User Group) gathering. Intriguingly, one of his papers suggests that Irish legislation, contrary to expectations, is in fact more draconian than the DMCA. There are other intriguing pieces here as well for those interested in copyright matters in Ireland. Many thanks to Danny at NTK for sharing this link. For personal unsubscription information (for Irish Linux users), please see below." }, { "body": "I typically disconnect the internal speaker to avoid any beeping, especially for Graham Smith, Network Administrator from the Department of Computing at Institute of Technology Tallaght, Dublin. If you'd like to unsubscribe, please find the information in IBhear (August IBhear) or contact Padraig Brady at ILUG. I'm a member of Irish Linux Users Group and I hate noise." }, { "body": "Attempt the suggested action on a sun day: You must disassemble the original Smith Graham Computing keyboard at the Illinois Linux User Group (ILUG) meeting on Tuesday, August X. I generally mute the internal speaker to avoid any beeping. Graham Smith, an Irish Linux user, might have provided unsubscription information if you need it." }, { "body": "Dear John P Looney, I gave Gargnome a try to see what it was about, and while it looks promising, I encountered several bugs. Sawfish, in particular, seemed to malfunction in various ways. As a result, I decided to test out Metacity instead, which unfortunately lacks a GUI configurator. I find myself reminiscing about the FVWM days when settings had to be manually set without any clear understanding of what the values represented. However, I've learned that Metacity has a frontend called gconfeditor for its settings, as it uses GConf settings like other well-designed apps. It's true there isn't a designated Metacity configurator, but the philosophy behind Metacity is to have reasonable defaults and minimize the need for settings altogether, making the window manager less intrusive. Unfortunately, I'm still unsure if the panel in Sawfish handles applets at all. Regarding your query about the unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users group, I'm sorry but I don't have that information on hand. Cheers, David Neary, Marseille, France" }, { "body": "I'm curious if the online trailer for the film will be available in Ireland, otherwise I was considering the possibility of having it screened at Trinity Internet Society or a similar organization. It could potentially be an event exclusively for Irish Linux users. If you have any information about unsubscribing, please let me know." }, { "body": "Hi David, Have you tried using gconfeditor? It's a GUI frontend for the GConf settings and Metacity handles its settings through GConf, as many good applications do. However, I find it worse than using a text editor on a file. While there isn't a designated Metacity configurator, the idea behind Metacity is to have reasonable defaults, thus minimizing the need for settings altogether and making the window manager less intrusive. I've been using keybindings like: shift+alt should start a shell, alt+d should maximize a window vertically, alt+q should close a window, alt+w should shade it, which I've used for about eight years now. I'm not keen on changing them at this point. I recently started using WindowMaker about six years back and have also grown accustomed to the 'go to' feature in it. Regarding Sawfish, I'm not sure if its panel handles applets at all. I found that even after going back to Sawfish with Gnome, the keybindings still don't work. It doesn't seem fair for Irish Linux users to have issues like this with unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Regarding your inquiry, here are some options for unsubscribing from services on Linux SFTP/WebDAV servers, compatible with both Linux and macOS clients, particularly for all Irish Linux users: 1. SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol) - You can manage your subscriptions by editing the appropriate files in your home directory using an SSH client such as PuTTY or SecureCRT on Windows, Terminal on macOS, or any terminal emulator on a Linux system. 2. WebDAV (Web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning) - If your service provides a WebDAV interface, you can use an FTP client with WebDAV support such as FileZilla, Cyberduck, or Transmit to manage your subscriptions. 3. Other file synchronization solutions like rsync, Unison, or Syncthing can also be used for this purpose, depending on your specific needs and the features offered by these tools. 4. For more specific information about unsubscribing from a particular service, it is recommended to consult the service's documentation or contact their support team directly." }, { "body": "Dear Niall O' Broin, I hope this message finds you well. I am writing to ask about the best options for secure file transfers on Linux servers, including SFTP, WebDAV, and any other alternatives. Additionally, I would like to know if there are any specific recommendations for using these with Linux and Mac OSX clients. Regarding the Redbrick Dublin City University Networking Society, I have been informed that CP is a good option. If you have any further insights or resources on this topic, I would greatly appreciate it. Lastly, if you are the Education Officer for the Irish Linux Users group and I wish to unsubscribe from your mailing list, could you please provide me with the necessary information? Kind regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Niall, I hope this message finds you well. In terms of options available for transferring files on Linux servers (SFTP, WebDAV, etc.), I have been using scp for years with excellent results. As for alternatives for other systems, I cannot vouch for them personally. However, it seems that high-salt diets are not recommended, especially outside of marriage! For unsubscription information, please get in touch if needed. Regards, Steve" }, { "body": "Dear Brian O'Donoghue, It seems that you are considering starting another Linux distribution, but I would like to address the points you mentioned. Your suggestions indicate either offering something fundamentally different or customizing an existing distro for a unique and specific situation. However, given the variety of options available such as Mandrake, Yellowdog, Red Hat, Debian, and others, which already cover most everyday requirements, and with many specific situations being addressed by these distributions, I can see why you might consider it. However, creating a new Linux distribution would require more than just adding 'frilly pink bits' and 'crunchy chocolate flavored pieces.' It would involve crafting the distro to offer significantly more than existing alternatives. As for your typical requirements involving better support and easier maintenance, these aspects would require a company to be behind such an initiative. You mentioned that it could take weeks or even two months to create a new distribution using Debian as a base, adding specific packages, making configuration changes, and labeling it untested on most hardware variations. However, I would like to remind you that this is just a starting point and the actual development and testing phase could be much longer. If you are interested in sharing more information or discussion about creating an Irish Linux distribution for users, please let me know. Regards," }, { "body": "Hello Niall O' Broin, On Linux systems, you have several options for transferring files over SSH. SFTP (SSH File Transfer Protocol) is a common choice for secure file transfers. WebDAV (Web-based Distributed Authoring and Versioning) is another option, but it might not be as widely supported. For Linux and macOS clients, both SFTP and WebDAV are available. If you're looking for alternatives, consider using SCP (Secure Copy) or RSYNC over SSH. These tools can efficiently sync directories between servers. For unsubscription information, kindly visit our website or contact us at the provided email address. Best, " }, { "body": "Hi Niall, Could you please inform me about the best options available for SFTP, WebDAV, or any other file transfer protocols on Linux servers that are compatible with both Linux and macOS clients? Additionally, I'd like to discuss the observation that a 'believer' is often happier than a 'skeptic', as poignantly stated by George Bernard Shaw. This happiness of credulity, however, should be noted as a cheap and potentially dangerous quality. For users seeking to unsubscribe from our service in Ireland, could you kindly provide the necessary information?" }, { "body": "Dear Team, I believe I have an issue with a procedure that I found in the RAID howto for installing a new system, but it seems to apply just as well to a running system. I'm just checking to make sure I haven't made a mistake that would wipe my installation. Colm mentioned that you want the faileddisk instead of the second raiddisk, not in addition to it. If this means that instead of having raiddev raidlevel nrraiddisks nrsparedisks chunksize persistentsuperblock device raiddisk device and then raiddisk faileddisk, it should be raiddev raidlevel nrraiddisks nrsparedisks chunksize persistentsuperblock device raiddisk device faileddisk. I think I might have been lucky with my current setup as it mostly worked, but the system doesn't boot correctly. On boot, I get an error in fstab about partition ptbl ptbl no floppy controllers found ramdisk driver ram disks of size blocksize idefloppy driver md driver autodetecting raid arrays invalid raid superblock magic on has invalid sb not importing and could not import. The autorun is considering adding created bind event raid level does not need chunksize, continuing anyway but fails to exec sbinmodprobe s k with errno personality is not loaded. Any ideas why this might be happening? I suspect it's due to my lack of knowledge about how initrd works, so I'm not sure if it's loading correctly. Given that I can't pass the kernel parameters, I'm wondering how then can I get it to load the initrd? Regards, " }, { "body": "I'm unsure about using John, but I would definitely back up my data first as a precaution. Regarding setting up half of the partitions across Lilo to append new device labels and mirroring disks without re-running Lilo or executing raidhotadd devxxx, I haven't tried this and it might cause issues (hence, 'could be bollix'). I have set up root and raid systems on my own machines, but I've encountered drive failures in my production systems at home. I've successfully rebuilt the raid many times. In my opinion, Linux software RAID is excellent. When will we discuss having a pint? I have a running system and I want to set it up so that the disks are mirrored to gain some read speed and significantly more reliability. However, the RAID howto only mentions RAID on new machines; they don't mention anything about an existing setup. Can we set up disk mirroring on a running box? For unsubscription information, please refer to the list of Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "Hello there, Regarding your email, I believe you're asking about meeting for a pint next Tuesday at Boar's Head Capel St. Kate for the Irish Linux Users group. If that's correct, we would usually meet on Wednesday, but I see you've adjusted the schedule for this week to Tuesday. For those who wish to unsubscribe from our mailing list, kindly follow the instructions below: 1. Go to our website: 2. Find the 'Unsubscribe' option and click on it." }, { "body": "Hey folks, let's keep things cool since it's a weekday. If we were to meet in Inniscrone on Wednesday, August 4th at Wynne Conor, that would be a different story! But for now, I'd like to know who might be interested. By the way, when can we grab a pint next Tuesday at Boar's Head, Capel Street? This is for our Irish Linux users group. For those wishing to unsubscribe, you can find the information here." }, { "body": "Does anyone use partitioning on a Linux server? If so, what is your recommended solution for partitioning on Linux servers? I'm interested in UML (Union File System) as a possible option. If you are an Irish Linux user and would like unsubscription information, please let me know. Thanks!" }, { "body": "It appears that 'mmmph' might require adjustments for this to function effectively. I am confident that 'ldgcc' is intelligent enough to handle out-of-order arguments, however, it should be noted that it was not designed with the ability to cope with such issues by design. For information regarding unsubscription for Irish Linux users, please find the details below." }, { "body": "Dear Paul Oneil, Regarding your inquiry about IP address renewal with your cable modem while using SUSE Linux, I'll try to clarify the process. When a customer reboots their computer, Internet Service Providers (ISPs) may issue new IP addresses due to a mechanism known as Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). This protocol allows the ISP to automatically assign and manage IP addresses for its customers. It seems that in your case, the disruption in internet access might have been caused by an expired lease of your previous IP address. The new IP address was assigned after you rebooted your computer, explaining why it worked fine afterwards. As for whether this process can be detected and handled automatically, some cable companies do offer DHCP client daemons like dhcpcd that can handle such tasks. However, not all ISPs may do this, so it's always a good idea to have a DHCP client installed on your system. For further information and unsubscription details for the Irish Linux Users list, you can refer to the following command: root s bindhcpcd d n y t h. If things continue as they are, I suggest you observe your IP address changes and decide whether it's necessary to install a DHCP client daemon based on your observations. Best Regards," }, { "body": "There seems to be a great number of people who might be interested, perhaps including myself, especially when the topic is relevant. The proposed meeting is on Wednesday, August at Wynne Conor. However, since it's a weekday, we can't quite indulge in getting tipsy. If we were to move this gathering to Lucan, that would certainly change the story! Are there many takers for the meetup on Wednesday, August at Wynne Conor? By the way, when are we planning to have a pint next Tuesday at The Boars Head, Capel St? For those who wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, kindly find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "It appears that you put the 'faileddisk' directive after the 'raiddisk' one on Wednesday, August john p looney. This was extremely fortunate as placing them in reverse order would have likely damaged your existing volume. However, it doesn't boot correctly when specified in fstab at startup. To automatically detect soft RAID volumes at boot, you need to set the partition type on all relevant raw disk partitions to a certain value (I'm not sure about the specifics as I don't use initrd myself). Colm Buckley's office is closed on Mondays. If you need anything on Monday, please come on Tuesday. For information regarding unsubscription for Irish Linux users, check out the appropriate resources." }, { "body": "Hi there, I'm having trouble with an MRI Dual Port PCI SerialCard. It claims to work, but it doesn't at the baud rate I'm using. Instead, I get a delay on output followed by repeated bytes until complete, and similarly, on input, I get a delay before the application sees the data. If you have any advice or suggestions, I would greatly appreciate it. Also, for those who wish to unsubscribe from this list, you can find the information here." }, { "body": "Actually, soft links were invented because hard linking of directories was not possible at that time. As far as I know, this was before my time. All Unix systems I've used didn't allow hardlinks to directories or if they did, they were restricted to root due to the potential for infinite loops in the kernel, which is a bad place for such loops. A better approach would be to have global unique filesystem identifiers (FSIDs) for every file system created, reducing the chance of clashes to almost zero. This could be achieved by implementing the target info for soft links as an FSID-inode pair, allowing the operating system to determine if the linked item is now on a different mount point or has been moved. I believe this is what's done in HFS, but I'm not sure about aliases and their implementation. Let's call these 'super soft links'. For example, using 'ln -s' followed by a name creates a super soft link. If we create 'foo bar' and then move 'foo' to 'floyd', the original 'bar' no longer points to 'foo'. Instead, it now points to 'floyd'. The file system would need to maintain a table of links going in the other direction so that when the 'move' command unlinks 'foo' in the first example, it can mark that 'bar' is now disconnected. This would also be true for the second example and is especially important since 'bar' points to 'floyd'. If no table is consulted, this mechanism fails to handle NFS mounted file systems or filesystems that have dynamic inodes (such as FAT32 and ReiserFS)." }, { "body": "Dear John Gay, I have been considering optimizing packages for my Pentium one and was advised that I should look into glibc. This led me to ponder about gcc itself. I asked another list and got several responses. Most people suggested not thinking much about it, but a few did suggest gcc. One even directed me to Linux from Scratch. I am curious to understand what exactly you mean by optimizing gcc. On one hand, optimizing how gcc is compiled will only make it generate the same code slightly faster. However, since gcc is a memory hog, it would be more beneficial to buy more RAM or improve file system cache hits rather than worrying about making gcc's heap stay out of swap. The Pentium introduced pipelining features which gcc itself is not very good at taking advantage of according to the pgcc site. The pgcc patches are supposed to make gcc generate tighter code, but there are concerns about compiler bugs and the site does not seem to have been updated in a year or more. As the series is out now, it might be better than when the pgcc patches were written. The Pentium also improved its FPU logic and introduced pipelining. However, the first generations of Pentiums had faulty FPU logic programmed into them (the Pentium bug). Subsequent ones were fine. These added instructions are faster than equivalent ones. The difference between the Pentium MMX and the Pentium should yield a significant speed boost if optimized correctly. There are faster floating point instructions and pipelining that need optimizing for, but I am not sure if gcc can optimize properly for the pipelining at least the pgcc group found significant improvements to add to gcc to gain speed improvements of up to 50%. None of this will have any effect on I/O bound processes, but GUIs are mostly CPU bound. I am also investigating object prelinking optimizations which should provide even better performance for Qt and KDE. If I had another Pentium III for my box, I could take advantage of those SSE instructions to optimize as well. Kevin Regards, Irish Linux Users Group" }, { "body": "I believe you might be using 'partitioning' ambiguously, but I understand your intention. Have you checked the Pdraig Irish Linux users for unsubscription information?" }, { "body": "Hi team, I stumbled upon an article from last month that I thought you might find interesting. It appears that the Peruvian government is considering using open-source software as a cost-saving measure instead of proprietary licenses. Here's the link to the article for your perusal: . If you are an Irish Linux user and wish to unsubscribe from Yahoo Everything (news, sports, email, music charts), please find the necessary information there. " }, { "body": "I'm having trouble with a one-time website mirror using wget as it ignores images and doesn't recursively follow links, despite me using the mirror flag. I was wondering if you had any suggestions or alternative tools for this issue that are commonly used by Irish Linux users. Also, could you please provide information on how to unsubscribe from this list?" }, { "body": "I have been asked to forward this information to anyone who might be interested. If you are, please let me know and I will put you in touch with Ryan P regarding the Power Computing Powercurve original daughter card slim desktop case. Here are the specifics: Ram - new, Apple IBM HDD - new, ATI Rage video card - new, X-speed Toshiba CD-ROM (used, but driver hacked available from the web), Keyboard, Mouse and New monitor - available. The system is currently running on a small partition with Debian Woody, and seems to be Pentium or ready for an upgrade for better performance. Asking price is open to negotiation. If you wish to unsubscribe from this list, please let me know." }, { "body": "You could try a software that does recursive grabs of various items and retrieves pictures as well. By the way, for Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, kindly find the unsubscription information below." }, { "body": "I apologize for my oversight. I inadvertently committed a cardinal sin by failing to specify that the issue was related to a Windows machine. Originally, I had emailed Kenn Humborg and David Crozier on Friday, August (time not specified), regarding ILUG autorun CDs. I'm attaching a link to some Windows-related autorun stuff, hoping it might be helpful. I realize now that I wasted the time of those who were looking up Linux-related information for me unintentionally. If I had clarified that it was for a Windows system initially, I believe I would have received both more relevant answers and perhaps some constructive criticism for asking this on a Linux mailing list. In the future, I will be more mindful about specifying the operating system when seeking assistance. For those interested in unsubscribing from this list, please find the instructions below." }, { "body": "Thank you for your words of wisdom, Kenn Humborg. I've stumbled upon some Windows-related 'autorun' issues and found a solution. Since the topic is clearly related to HTML files on Windows, I didn't feel it was necessary to reply to the Irish Linux users regarding unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Hello, I'll be using MySQL in an upcoming project and I'm considering purchasing their support license. I was wondering if anyone here has used any libraries to link a proprietary C project to a MySQL database. From what I can see on the MySQL website, their MySQL library is under the GPL, but there are also some documents which list it as under the LGPL. Has anyone had experience with this or used a different library to link C and MySQL under Linux? Regards, Vin (for unsubscription information, please visit our website) " }, { "body": "Dear Wintermute, I need help finding a replacement external dongle for my Xircom PCMCIA NIC in Ireland. The one I currently have is failing and I was told by Maplin that I would need to buy a whole new card, but I didn't do this. Instead, I have been making do with the current situation where I have to angle my cat at a certain angle for the dongle not to fall out. I have managed to find replacement dongles online for this specific card and others, however, I am having trouble finding a reliable source in Ireland that delivers fastest. If you know of any such place, I would greatly appreciate your recommendation. Also, if you have any information on how Irish Linux users can unsubscribe from your list, I would be grateful for the assistance. Best regards, Vincent" }, { "body": "Hi there, I'm looking for a replacement external dongle for a Xircom PCMCIA NIC in Ireland. I visited Maplin and was told that I would have to buy a whole new card instead of just the NIC. However, I didn't do that and have been living with the issue where I need to angle my cat at a certain angle to keep the dongle from falling out. Do you know if there is a store in Ireland that sells only the NIC? If not, could you recommend a place that delivers fastest to Ireland? Also, for those who are Irish Linux users and wish to unsubscribe, please find the information below." }, { "body": "Hi Padraig, Thank you for your email and the shared insight about the Windows-related autorun stuff (filehtml). I didn't respond earlier as I assumed that you were only familiar with the Windows implementation and were seeking a similar solution for Linux. If this is not the case, please let me know. Regarding the question asking method, I came across Rick Moen's guide on how to ask questions effectively. If you would like the unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, I can certainly help with that. Let me know your preference. Best regards," }, { "body": "Is anyone aware of a location in Ireland where I can acquire a replacement external dongle for a Xircom PCMCIA NIC that is failing? Preferably, the delivery should be the quickest to Ireland. Regards and if you wish to unsubscribe from this list, please find the information below. Delivery Information: - Speediest Shipping to Ireland: - Product: Replacement external dongle for Xircom PCMCIA NIC Unsubscription Information: - For unsubscribing from this list, please follow the instructions provided." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I manage a colocated server for a small group of individuals and I'm seeking backup solutions. Is it possible to have a low-end internal tape or another solution that could back up approximately 100GBs of data? Or am I just dreaming? My ISP does offer backups at an additional cost, but the extra cost is a concern. What I was hoping to do was install some kind of internal tape device, then swap tapes every month to have an onsite backup of the last few hours and an offsite backup of the last month. Is this feasible? I'm beginning to think it isn't as external devices are not an option due to the charge for colocation including rack space. Thanks for any information regarding Irish Linux Users unsubscription process." }, { "body": "Dear Ciaran Johnston, I maintain a colocated server for a small group of individuals and I am currently looking into backup solutions. Is it possible to obtain an affordable internal tape device or alternative solution capable of backing up approximately 100GBs of data? Or am I just dreaming as my ISP does offer backups at an additional cost, but the extra expense is a concern. I was hoping to install some kind of internal tape device and rotate tapes monthly for an onsite backup of recent hours and offsite backup of the last month. Is this feasible? I'm starting to doubt it since external devices are not an option due to the cost of rackspace. Would a good external DLT drive with a SCSI card be a suitable solution? Regarding Irish Linux users for unsubscription information." }, { "body": "Hello Amanda at DonnchaON, I maintain a colocated server for a small group and am looking into backup solutions. I was wondering if there is any low-end internal tape or other solution available that could back up around 100GB of data? Or is this just wishful thinking? My ISP does offer backups at an additional cost, but the extra expense is problematic. What I'm considering is installing an internal tape device and swapping tapes monthly for both onsite backup (last few hours) and offsite backup (last month). Is this feasible or am I mistaken? External devices are not an option due to the cost of rackspace. Thank you, Ciaran Irish Linux Users" }, { "body": "Hi Ciaran, Regarding your request for backup solutions for a colocated server holding approximately gigabytes of data, I recommend using an internal DLT (Digital Linear Tape) drive. However, please note that you may require a SCSI card to make it function properly. Unfortunately, as you mentioned, external devices are not an option due to the rackspace charge for colocation. Here's the twist: To achieve your desired onsite and offsite backup, one idea would be to install two DLT drives and manually swap tapes every month for onsite backup of the last hours and offsite backup of the last month. This method does have its limitations, particularly in terms of convenience and automated processes, but it can provide a basic level of data protection. I'd also like to remind you about the Irish Linux Users Group (ILUG) unsubscription information if needed." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email. The closest I've managed to get it working is by using Justin's script, however, I am having trouble preventing it from following off-site links. This typically should only take a minute. Thank you for your assistance. For unsubscription information or for Irish Linux users, please visit our website." }, { "body": "Dear Ciaran, I'm writing regarding your enquiry about backup solutions for your colocated server. It appears you're looking for an internal tape solution to backup approximately 1TB of data. I'd be happy to help explore options. From the DCB group catalog, we have found a rough pricing benchmark for that capacity in Euros ex-VAT (internal model). However, it's important to note that there are other brands and various tape formats available as well. As for your suggestion of swapping tapes monthly for an onsite backup of the last hours and an offsite backup of the last month, this is feasible but will require a disk mirroring setup and may incur additional costs due to the need for higher redundancy. Unfortunately, external devices are not an option as part of the colocation charge includes rack space. Kind regards, Graham Smith Network Administrator Department of Computing Institute of Technology Tallaght Dublin" }, { "body": "Based on my knowledge, there are IDE add-in cards that support hotplugging of drives. However, I'm not certain if this feature is available on the cheaper Promise/HighPoint controllers, but it is available on higher-end True IDE Raid cards like Cathalon's Fri Aug. I run several colocated servers and have adopted the solution of using IDE drives as they are cost-effective, fast, and you don't need to constantly purchase media for them. Combine this with a removable HD caddy from Peats or Maplins, and you have a comprehensive onsite/offsite backup solution with entire generations of data for approximately the cost of drives and a caddy for the server. There is a trivial downtime of seconds to replace the drive, but this can be done once per month. This approach does sound interesting, and I believe it may be the way to go. However, I would still like to hear others' opinions on the tape drives I mentioned, particularly in relation to this solution. It's important to note that knocking a drive around doesn't do it any good. For unsubscription information, please refer to the Irish Linux Users list." }, { "body": "I am currently enjoying my ADSL setup, however, I've encountered an issue with the Zytel Prestige that I purchased from Eircom. Despite trying it on another major and popular graphical OS, I can't seem to get it working. After hours of trying to explain this to ADSL support, they still can't seem to resolve the issue. As a temporary solution, I plan to try a PowerEdge setup. If all else fails, I will wait for Eircom to send me a replacement part. In my search for alternatives, I came across the Alcatel device, which looks promising, especially for beginners. I also found an interesting article about using USB and ADSL with PPPoe on Linux. Once I manage to get everything working, whether it's with the Zytel or something else, I will write a step-by-step guide. In the meantime, here is some useful information on setting up routers and firewalls: To get your computers communicating, you need a hub (which can be purchased cheaply). The internal interface of the router (which may be a Linux box) is connected to the hub, and the external interface is connected to the ADSL device. This is how the connection looks: dsl connection -> modem/gateway -> hub -> other machines on your LAN. The other machines on your LAN should reference the Linux box as their default gateway. The Linux box can run NAT firewalling, DHCP, and more if you wish." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm currently using the standard ADSL package with a SpeedTouch USB modem. I have a networked machine, which was a laptop until it malfunctioned. However, I now have a dedicated Linux server running Debian with the ADSL modem plugged directly into it. A port switch connects my home network, and each device has its own IP address. The server runs my firewall, net gateway, etc., and I have some firewall rules for masquerading that share the connection over the LAN smoothly. Configuring the machine for ADSL is the tough bit; the network setup itself is quite easy. I found this to be the simplest way to go, following advice from Redbrick, Dublin City University's networking society. For unsubscription information, please refer to the education officer of Irish Linux Users, Declan McMullen." }, { "body": "Hello Justin, The simplest setup for your requirements would be to connect a wireless access point to your port hub. You can utilize a PCMCIA network card in your laptop or get PCMCIA to PCI adapters or wireless PCI network cards for your desktop machines. Configure the access point with a network name (ESSID) and channel number for your wireless network. The client machine should be configured with the same network name, it should automatically detect the channel number. Driver support is very good as there are only a few wireless chipsets, and I believe that all but the newest Plus and hardware have Linux drivers. If you need further help or information, please check out the forums and IRC channel at robert fitzsimons on Fri Aug. Regarding your small network at home connected by port hub with Smoothwall, Smoothwall server Shaftoe, Windows, and Gotodengolinux, you want to plug in a new PC using the ISDN in Smoothwall and also connect a notebook into the network using a wireless connection. For your information, the best way to do this is by plugging a wireless hub into your port hub. As for wireless hardware that supports both Linux and Windows, I recommend researching brands such as Netgear, TP-Link, or D-Link." }, { "body": "Dear Ciaran Johnston, Thank you for your email and for all the feedback. I understand that you are considering the Seagate internal drive, but are concerned about its price. I have found an OnStream IDE tape drive through Martin's link, which seems to offer more storage at a slightly slower speed for half the price compared to the Seagate drive. However, you asked if there is any overriding reason to choose the more expensive drive other than speed. The Advanced Digital Recording (ADR) tape format is an interesting option that I hadn't come across before. It appears that OnStream spun off from Philips Electronics and has a tight control over the format, although other companies like Verbatim do produce compatible media under license. If you are reasonably serious about backup, it's important to plan for a rotational backup scheme and retirement of tapes as they become worn. This requires at least a couple of dozen tapes for the first few years, making cost and availability of media a significant factor. Another factor to consider is that tapeheads wear out and need to be replaced more frequently, especially for helical scan systems like ADR. However, it seems that ADR does not use a helical scan method, which could make it cheaper in the long run due to less tape wear. One less tangible consideration is that if your OnStream ADR drive fails, you would need another OnStream ADR drive to restore your backup sets. This means you are somewhat locked into the system, as I couldn't find any other ADR drives. However, OnStream might have priced the drives to attract people into the system and recoup costs on media sales later. I have found the following prices for Verbatim ADR tapes: Euros per GB; Euros per four-pack of ADR tapes; Euros per ADR cleaning tape. You don't get much lower pricing than Verbatim without going to noname capacities, which are usually quoted on the basis of a nominal compression ratio. The OnStream datasheet mentions a linear serpentine recording technology, which is good like DLT, SDLT, and LTO rather than a helical scan method typified by DDS, DAT, and AIT, which put heavy wear on tapes and heads. I'm not sure what software other than NovaStor TapeCopy and Yosemite Technology's TapeWare will support OnStream's drives, but my recollection is that Bareos (Bacula) will do it. On balance, I would still go with a drive using either or media mainly because once you've survived one oddball less-standard tape format, you're not in a hurry to repeat the experience. However, ADR does seem well-designed and might be a good bet after all, as they say in the gaming industry: 'You pays your money and you takes your chances.' Best, " }, { "body": "On PungeDay, the day of bureaucracy, Padraig Brady, How can I repeat a string an arbitrary number of times in Bash? I seem to be missing the 'repeat' in the string prefix 'prefixrepeat' command. Instead, I am using 'perl prefixperl e print $string x $number echo prefix'. However, I am also fairly certain that the BSD jot utility can do this too, but unfortunately, I don't have it on hand. For information regarding unsubscription, here is a list for Irish Linux users." }, { "body": "I was wondering if anyone has previously implemented something similar and could offer any suggestions. I have been searching online, but I would appreciate it if you could provide an experienced opinion if available. Also, for unsubscription information regarding the Irish Linux Users mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I have an ISA PNP card that uses IO if available, however it never works for some reason. I suspect the problem might be with the Creative SB Gameport Controller which is also connected on the card. Since I'm not using the controller, it doesn't show up in procports, and autodetect seems to put my ISA card there. I can easily get the card to work by using 'isapnptools' (banning the range in etc/isapnp.conf and then using insmod radiotime) but I would like to get the autodetect working. I think what I need is some way of adding 'do not go here, do not bother me' entries into procports. Does anyone know how to do this? Tiarn n (Irish Linux user for unsubscription information list)" }, { "body": "Kevin O'Riordan shared his insights on Pungenday, the day of bureaucracy. Padraig Brady asked for help in repeating a string an arbitrary number of times in Bash. He mentioned using 'prefixrepeat', 'string number' and 'echo prefix perl string prefixperl e print string x number' or 'echo prefix im pretty sure the BSD jot utility can do this too, but I don't have it to hand.' However, he seemed unsure if jot was installed on Linux systems by default. As you don't have a Linux system at hand, here is the syntax for using jot (assuming it is installed): 'jot b string phil philip reynolds rfc networks irish linux users for unsubscription information'. If there's any mistake or misunderstanding in Padraig's request, please correct me." }, { "body": "I apologize for contacting you recently. I've managed to obtain a mod chip for my device, but it needs to be soldered into the hardware, which I have no experience with. The seller recommended against self-installation. If anyone can assist with this or knows someone who can, please email me at . Please note that I should not be contacted again through this list." }, { "body": "Dear Mark Irish Linux User, I understand your predicament with installing your ISDN USB modem (Last Speed Basic) on Linux. Although it appears in the hardware browser, it seems that the necessary drivers are not installed or it may not be officially supported by Linux. Similarly, you're having trouble detecting an internal fax modem. This could potentially be due to its design for Windows, thus lack of support under Linux. I empathize with your situation and understand that buying a new modem may not be an option at this time. It could indeed be your inexperience with Linux causing the difficulty, but either way, I'd like to extend my help in finding a solution. If you have any last resort ideas or solutions, I would be more than happy to hear them. I hope we can find a workaround for this issue. Regards, The Team" }, { "body": "Thank you for your responses and additional comments below. Niall O Broin on Fri Aug asked how to repeat a string an arbitrary number of times in Bash. I miss the 'repeat' command in prefix. It echoes prefixpdraigps, but I know how to do it with loops. Here is a solution using seq and sed. In my opinion, it's a rather dim solution as it might fail if the string contains certain characters and probably has other ways to fail too. A bash loop would certainly be faster, but you know how to do it with loops: prefixseq $number sequence sstring. I consider this solution a bit more robust with the parameters being the number of times to repeat and the repeat string itself, separated by quotes (e.g., '3 hello'). However, loops in bash are somewhat slow. While we're on the topic of silly bash questions, is there a way of getting the exit status of a command without using 'something like command'? For example, can I do something like result somemagicwayofquotingcommand instead of command result? Note that I am not looking for backticks or substitution nor arithmetic evaluation as I don't think this is possible. Thank you, Padraig Irish Linux Users, for the unsubscription information." }, { "body": "I have a Solaris box, a Windows box with DLT drives controlled by Veritas Backup. I'm wondering if there is some client software available for Linux that can enable it to be backed up and browsed. The Veritas website seems somewhat unhelpful on this matter. For those interested in unsubscribing from the Irish Linux Users list, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "Hi Padraig Brady, I'm trying to repeat a string an arbitrary number of times in bash. I seem to be missing the 'repeat' command in the string prefix. Here is what I have so far: prefixhuh i missed all this do you want the string all on one line or the string repeated over and over but with line breaks in between? If the former, here is my attempt: prefix If the latter, I guess we can use sed to remove the newline. Utilities like head and sed are on pretty much every Unix system. Is this correct? If there are other utilities you'd prefer, let me know. Best, Kevin P.S. A believer is happier than a skeptic, no more to say about that than the fact that a drunken man is happier in meatspace than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap, dangerous quality (G.B. Shaw). For unsubscription information, please visit our Linux users page." }, { "body": "Hello Kevin Lyda, Could you please clarify your request regarding repeating a string an arbitrary number of times in Bash? You seem to be referring to the 'repeat' command in the prefix 'prefix-repeat' string, but it appears to be missing from your description. If you want the string repeated over and over with line breaks in between, you can achieve this using a combination of 'yes', 'head' and 'tr'. Here is an example: ``` bash echo -e 'prefix ' | yes | head -n N | tr ' ' ' prefix ' ``` In this command, replace 'N' with the number of repetitions you require. This will give you the string 'prefix' repeated N times, each on a new line. Hope this helps! If you have any other queries or need further assistance, please let me know. Regards, Padraig Irish Linux User" }, { "body": "You are correct that there should be an agent's directory on the Veritas CD in the Unix subdirectory. Within this, you will find a file called 'beagnttar'. This file needs to be installed and configured. However, I am not certain if a serial number purchase is required for this process. As for your question about installing a client on the Linux box for backup purposes, it appears that information is scarce on Veritas's site regarding this topic. I suggest you browse their website further or seek help from the Irish Linux Users Group (ILUG) for more detailed instructions. Lastly, for those who wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users Group list, please refer to the provided information." }, { "body": "We have an NFS server with the nfsd process under heavy load. The 'nfsstat' command provides a rough estimate of the traffic going through, including access and getattr operations, but it does not identify which client is responsible for this activity. Is there any way to determine on the server side which client is causing the most usage? On the client side, is there a means to identify which process (specifically, related to Mel Gorman, MSc student at University of Limerick) is using the most resources and how can they unsubscribe from some services or information list?" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I was wondering if anyone has ever installed StarOffice or Open Office on Redhat Kernel and Glibc. If so, have you encountered any issues with the installation freezing? As an alternative, I might try downloading OpenOffice instead if this issue remains unresolved. Thanks all, Colindo (Yahoo) - for those who wish to unsubscribe, please find the information below: Irish Linux Users subscription management" }, { "body": "Hello, I'm having a minor issue that is still quite annoying. I recently upgraded from RHEL to RHEL, and everything seems to be in order except for the time, which is ahead by one hour. I have been looking through the man files for hwclock and options, but it doesn't seem to work as expected. It gives the following error in the shell, as well as during startup while loading ioctl to devrtc to turn on update interrupts failed unexpectedly. Inappropriate ioctl for device. At the moment, my solution is to enter the PC setup and reduce the time by one hour, which is not ideal. Regards, Felipe PRL DCU Irish Linux Users Group for unsubscription information" }, { "body": "Hello all, I'm just checking if anyone has ever installed StarOffice or Open Office and encountered any issues, specifically with the installation freezing. If you do happen to be using an Savage graphics card as used in IBM ThinkPad and other systems, and you experience strange display problems along with the freezing issue, then you might need to set this environment. You should add an export line to your bash script for this purpose. This should help. For David Irish Linux users, here's some information on how to unsubscribe. " }, { "body": "Niall O Broin on Mon Aug, Here's a solution using seq and sed. In my opinion, it's a rather simple solution and it will definitely fail if the string contains certain characters and probably has other ways to fail as well. A bash loop would certainly be faster and you know how to do it with loops ( prefixseq s numbersed sstring goaclever). However, it could be made a bit more robust by adding a parameter for the number of times to repeat and enclosing the repeated string in single quotes (e.g. 'eg repeat' instead of just eg repeat). But as you know, it's such a basic solution, I'm not sure why you would want to make it more robust. Just give yourself credit: it's a nice solution with just lightweight processes. The same thing coded in shell loops wouldn't be nearly as elegant and not as scalable. Irish Linux users for unsubscription information, please reply." }, { "body": "Dear Vincent Cunniffe, Upon running the process, it initially shows a single main process (s). When the client connects and sleeps for seconds, additional processes (client, z) are created. However, when the client exits, the expected secondary thread does not finish, accumulating memory consumption by about every time a client connects. This appears to be an issue, possibly related to PThreads, a coding error or a Linux bug. It is important to clarify if the number of processes accumulates or if it's just the number of threads that is increasing. If the latter, then this behavior seems normal since you don't create the thread until the accept returns, implying a thread manager in the program. Afterwards, there will always be processes for the thread manager. Furthermore, the stack for additional threads is allocated from the heap. It's possible that glibc does not reclaim the space as efficiently as malloc/free do, especially since memory allocation for threads may be required again soonish. Best regards, Paul Jakmakey" }, { "body": "Dear Anthony Geoghegan, I encountered some issues if you use Windows, as it will display incorrect time for half the year and reset the clock upon booting into it after the change in time. This issue might be resolved in the future, but even setting the hwclock to localtime may cause problems when booting into Windows, since both Linux and Windows try to modify the hwclock. There might be a way to prevent Windows from making these changes, but I am not certain. Recently, I delved into the interaction between the Linux system clock and the hardware clock, however, I didn't realize that Windows could alter the hw clock as it wasn't mentioned in any of the documents I read. Since I still dual-boot regularly, I would be interested to know more about how Windows interacts with the clock and if there is a way to prevent it from making these changes. Everything seems to work fine so far, but I prefer not to have gaps in my knowledge regarding this matter. As George Bernard Shaw once said, 'The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is indifference,' so I believe it's important to stay informed. If you have any insights on this topic, I would greatly appreciate your feedback. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Anthony, I didn't realize that Windows adjusts the hardware clock during system boot-up. I was not aware of this from the documentation I read, and given that I dual-boot regularly, it would be helpful to know how and if this can be prevented. In my experience, Windows changes the hardware clock the first time you boot into it after the clocks have gone forward an hour, which only happens twice a year. Is there a GMT Windows timezone with NTP that could avoid this issue? I'm not sure about other programs messing with the clock as it might affect NTP's calculations of drift, etc., especially with Chrony, although it may be different for other applications. If Windows only advances an hour and you manually adjust back an hour, perhaps NTP would still be relatively okay, but I am not certain if all the remaining digits of time precision are left unchanged or not. Please let me know more about this issue, and if there is a way to prevent Windows from altering the hardware clock. If you have any unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users list, I would appreciate it if you could provide that as well. Best regards, Michael Conry" }, { "body": "Dear Anthony, I didn't realize that Windows alters the hardware clock when booting. This information was not mentioned in any of the documents I read. Since I still dual-boot regularly, it would be helpful to know if and how Windows does this, and if there's a way to prevent it. In my experience, the hardware clock gets altered the first time you boot into Windows after the clocks have changed an hour, which occurs twice a year. Could you please guide me on how to stop this? I haven't checked for solutions yet, I just adjust the clock back an hour from within Windows after such a reboot. Is there a GMT Windows TimeZone/StartSettingsControl Panel/Date and Time/Time Zone tab where I can uncheck 'Automatically adjust clock for daylight saving'? For information on unsubscription, please see below. Best, Ciaran (Irish Linux User)" }, { "body": "I am currently configuring my setup, however I encountered an issue with a suspicious USB on my firewall box. I'm waiting for the APCI USB controller to complete the configuration; I had intended to purchase one yesterday but forgot. I bought Smoothwall Corporate Edition as it is believed to be the best firewall/routing solution available. I plan to use NAT, ProxyFirewall, and possibly VPN, although this may change. I am also considering getting the ADSL Solo connection from eircom, as I have multiple computers and need a router to connect them. I'm weighing my options between connecting an ADSL USB modem to my Linux machine (with the Linux machine acting as both firewall and router) or using a combined router-firewall box directly connected to the ADSL modem. Here are my questions: What recommendations do you have for the above setup? Do I need to have NAT? If so, what exactly does it do? What other options should I be looking at? Thanks in advance for any insights from the Irish Linux community. For unsubscription information, please find it below." }, { "body": "The audio play attached to your message sent to ILUG on Tuesday, August is currently being held for review by the list moderator. It's important that the content meets our standards before it gets posted to the list. You will either receive a notification of the moderator's decision or the message will be posted as planned. For unsubscription information regarding the Irish Linux Users group, please refer to the relevant instructions." }, { "body": "Hi Mark, I hope this email finds you well. I'm writing to inform you that I have installed Red Hat Linux on my desktop and have encountered a few issues. The graphics display on my PC isn't working properly, the monitor is slightly misaligned, and high-resolution games freeze in the hardware browser in Gnome. The system recognizes my graphics card (Riva) but it seems the drivers are not correctly installed or perhaps the problem lies elsewhere. Another issue I'm facing is that I cannot install my ISDN USB modem, despite its listing in the hardware browser without any installed drivers. Although it may not be supported by Linux, I thought you might have some suggestions. I'd appreciate any help as I aim to use Linux more frequently. Please note that I'm fairly new to Linux, so your guidance will be particularly helpful. Regarding unsubscription information for the Irish Linux Users list, could you kindly provide it? Thank you and looking forward to hearing from you soon. Best regards," }, { "body": "Yes, unfortunately the Last Speed Basic modem isn't performing well as it's from Eircon who aren't of great quality. I have a couple sitting in my drawer, but they might be useful some day or other. If you're looking for an alternative, a cheap ISDN card should suffice; YoYo cards are usually adequate. I currently trust a load of crap HFC based one which has been trudging along nicely for years. It gets detected automatically by almost any distribution and has kernel support for ages. Most other modems you're likely to encounter are Winmodems, and while they can work with some poking, it's not worth the effort in my opinion - just stick with ISDN. The problem I have is that I cannot install my ISDN USB modem (Last Speed Basic) on Linux, although it appears in the hardware browser without installed drivers. However, I'm pretty sure it isn't supported by Linux, but it seems to be featured without the required driver in the hardware browser. Despite your responses, I haven't been able to get it to detect the external USB modem. I also have an internal fax modem, but I can't seem to get that detected either, possibly because it was designed for Windows and isn't supported. At this point, I don't plan on buying a new modem as I think it's more than enough for my PC. It could be my inexperience with Linux causing this difficulty, but at this point, I've just about had enough. Any last-ditch ideas would be welcome." }, { "body": "I've successfully installed OpenOffice without any major issues, but I did encounter corruption errors which were resolved by re-downloading. Currently, I'm downloading the source to see if it will run faster for my architecture. Just checking if anyone here has ever installed StarOffice or Open Office and encountered problems with installation freezing, particularly on Redhat kernel and glibc. If so, I might consider switching to OpenOffice instead. Cheers, Colindo" }, { "body": "Vincent Cunniffe, I've noticed an issue with the memory usage in your code. The amount of memory in use seems excessive, especially when you start threads and the memory usage goes up to RSS. Even after stopping those threads, the memory usage remains high. This indicates that the resources are neither being freed correctly nor reused efficiently. I've found several other users reporting similar VSZ issues with pthreads over a long period but no resolution yet. Could you please confirm if the code has been fixed now? Additionally, for Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from this thread, please find the information below." }, { "body": "Dear Padraig Brady and Vincent Cunniffe, It appears that there is an issue with the memory usage in your current implementation of pthreads. You have reported that when you start threads, the memory usage increases to RSS (Resident Set Size), but even after stopping those threads, the memory usage remains high. Subsequently, starting new threads also causes the RSS to increase. This suggests that the code is neither correctly freeing resources nor reusing them. I have observed similar issues with VSZ (Virtual Set Size) affecting pthreads over a prolonged period, but as of yet, no viable solution has been found. Unfortunately, I must inform you that even after testing your code with and without separate pthread_ts, the problem persists. Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Vincent Cunniffe, I am responding regarding your email about Linux pthreads problem. You mentioned that memory usage persists even after stopping threads and this issue appears to be related to resources not being freed or reused correctly. This problem has been observed by several users over a long period of time, but no definitive solution has yet been found. You also asked if my code is fixed now and whether a separate pthreadt should be used for each thread. I have tested it with and without separate pthreadts, and the problem remains identical, unfortunately. If you are closing off your instantiated thread made from pthreads, could you clarify if you are using the when-you-close-off-your-instantiated-thread-made-from-pthreads list? Regards, Irish Linux Users Group" }, { "body": "Are you using the provided thread implementation from pthread_something, perhaps this might assist you? Below is a snippet of the related code. Class: laThread Typedeffed struct list: struct list { struct list *next; } ; struct list *head; Method: threadMeint(num) void threadMeint(num num) { ... } Method: addToList(laO) static void addToList(laO laThread) { anew liststruct a; a.next = ahead; ahead = &a; } Method: deleteFromLinkedList() void deleteFromLinkedList() { while (head != NULL) { head = head->next; delete a return ; } } In the main function: int main(int argc, char *argv[]) { lalanew laThread new; pthread_addToList(lala thread new); pthread_deleteFromLinkedList(); } For Irish Linux users seeking unsubscription information: delete a from linked list." }, { "body": "Hi All, I have some users whose mailboxes were deleted from ETC, now the Postfix queue appears to be large. Could anyone help? Some logs might be of assistance, specifically the output of varlogmaillog with any relevant error messages. This could be varlogmaillog or another log depending on your configuration. The output from postconf non is also required for further analysis. You did recreate the mailboxes, didn't you Philip Reynolds (RFC Networks - Irish Linux Users)? For unsubscription information, please see below. Best, Hrishy" }, { "body": "Dear User, John P Looney is seeking information on how to configure Mutt mail client to deliver mail via a Postfix box with SMTP authentication enabled. It seems that Mutt interacts with an SMTP daemon, but can it interact directly with the SMTP server with authentication capabilities? This is something I am not certain about. However, you can run a mailserver on your own machine and use Sendmail through it if this is indeed the case. Here are the steps to do so: 1. Install and configure your preferred mailserver (e.g., Postfix). 2. Ensure SMTP authentication is enabled. 3. Set up Mutt to use Sendmail as its delivery agent. For unsubscription information or further assistance, please contact Philip Reynolds at RFC Networks / Irish Linux Users group. Best Regards," }, { "body": "To get Mutt to deliver mail via a Postfix box with SMTP authentication enabled, you can configure it to interact directly with the SMTP server instead of using an SMTP daemon. While Mutt does interact with an SMTP daemon, it is possible for it to communicate directly with an SMTP server that has authentication capabilities. In order to achieve this, you can run a mail server on your own machine and send emails using it. However, in your case, it seems that Mutt calls the Sendmail program directly. It might not be ideal to hardcode your authentication details (username and password) into the Sendmailcf. If you are unsure how to do this, I'm afraid I can't help you with that. For unsubscription information or any other queries related to Kate Irish Linux Users list, please visit their official website." }, { "body": "What's the news, folks? It's Tuesday, and I'll be working late today. So, when are we meeting up? Cwon, Wednesday, Aug 8th at Wynne Conor - when can we have a pint next week? Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe from the list should contact us." }, { "body": "Hey Wynne Conor and Boyz, It's Tuesday, and I've got to work late today. Could you let me know what time we're discussing? I need to leave my girlfriend home first, so I'll arrive sometime after 7. For those Irish Linux users who wish to unsubscribe, could you provide the necessary information?" }, { "body": "I will try to arrive around 7 o'clock, as I need to leave my girlfriend at home first. For unsubscription information for Irish Linux users, please see the details provided." }, { "body": "Dear Ciaran Mac Lochlainn, Thank you for reaching out and bringing this issue to our attention. It appears that some spammers are falsifying the 'From' address, causing notifications about their emails being reviewed to be sent back to the list instead of being caught by Mailman and discarded. This is indeed a concern and we will look into possible solutions. Please note that only legitimate senders should have access to our mailing list, therefore it would be ideal for Mailman to prevent these forged emails from reaching the list altogether. For now, let me assure you that your unsubscription information is still accessible through the list. Best regards, Martin Feeney" }, { "body": "In my email experience, I noted that Windows changes the hardware clock for the first time when booting into it after the clocks have changed by an hour, this occurs twice a year. I inquired about stopping this process, but I haven't investigated the matter myself, I just adjust the clock back an hour within Windows post-reboot. I was concerned that Windows might be engaging in undocumented behavior, however, it seems that it changes the time and then leaves it alone. It appears that Windows expects the time in the RTC to be local time. Linux can be configured to have either local or UTC time in the RTC and use etclocaltime to determine the correct timezone. This might cause an issue depending on your setup. On macOS, they also exhibit similar behavior where the RTC should always be set to UTC to allow different users to set their own timezones on the machine. For Irish Linux users who want to unsubscribe, please find the relevant information." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I hope this message finds you well. I just wanted to ask if anyone knows of a mailing list that is similar in nature, but specifically focuses on macOS (which, by the way, is a version of BSD/Unix), as I have been searching for one on the internet over the past month. If such a list exists in Europe or Ireland, could you please provide me with unsubscription information for the current mailing list? Thanks!" }, { "body": "I need help setting up a Diamond-Demand system. Could you please guide me on the necessary steps, packages required, and any other specifications needed for this setup? Additionally, do you know of a website that offers step-by-step instructions and provides the necessary packages to set it up? This is part of an assignment I'm working on. For Irish Linux users, if available, could you provide information on unsubscription?" }, { "body": "I overlooked this earlier, but Gob Productive Office Suite is now available for both Linux and Windows. This software is switching to GPL-PD-L (Double Free/Libre) license. For Irish Linux users who want to unsubscribe, please find the relevant information below." }, { "body": "Hello Declan, I understand you're trying to generate reports from your Linux desktop using a combination of Bash scripts and Perl. You're dealing with two ISAM files, one containing docket number, line number, item quantity, price, due date, and the other containing docket number, customer shipping date, invoice number. To make sense of the data, you need to relate the docket number between the files so that you can generate a report by customer. Your initial thought is to import the data into MySQL tables and use SQL queries, which seems like a good approach. However, if you're open to exploring more Perl solutions, you might want to consider using Perl to merge or join these two files based on the docket number. Here are some resources that may help you in your journey: - Learning Perl: http://learnperl.org/ - Perl Cookbook: https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/perl-cookbook-5th/9780132949604/ I hope this helps! Let me know if you have any other questions or need further assistance. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hi Declan Grady, I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause, but it seems you're trying to perform a task on your Linux desktop that you previously did with some other operating system software. Your approach involves using a combination of bash scripts and Perl to generate reports from a couple of ASCII files. The challenge you're facing is relating the docket number between the files to generate a report by customer. My suggestion would be to import the data into a SQL database like MySQL, as this will allow you to use SQL queries to relate and analyze the data effectively. However, if you prefer to delve deeper into Perl, there might be libraries or modules that can help you achieve this without relying on a database. You could try exploring Perl's DBI (Database Interface) module for interacting with databases, or other suitable options such as Text::CSV for parsing CSV files. I hope this helps! If you have any specific questions or need further assistance, feel free to ask. For subscription information and unsubscription instructions, please visit the Irish Linux Users website." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm having an urgent issue with a small Phillips head screw that is holding a circuit board together. The threads on the screw are almost completely gone and I've been unable to remove it using any tools so far. I need to take it out as soon as possible. Could you please suggest a method or tool for extracting this damaged screw? Any assistance would be greatly appreciated. Additionally, if you wish to unsubscribe from the Irish Linux Users list, kindly find the necessary information below." }, { "body": "Kiaal Mac Innes, I'm having trouble removing a Phillips head screw that's holding a circuit board together. It needs to be taken out immediately, but nothing I've tried is working as the threads on the screw are almost completely gone. It's a very small screw that requires a precision screwdriver set for removal. I was wondering if you have any suggestions, such as using a hammer as a potential alternative tool. Any help would be greatly appreciated. Cheers and sorry for the excessive collisions in this message, it seems there's not enough packet ambulances for Irish Linux users who are trying to unsubscribe." }, { "body": "Hello Cathal Ferris, I have a Phillips head screw that is holding together a circuit board. The threads on the screw are almost completely gone and it's a very small screw that requires a precision screwdriver set to remove. I need to take it out as soon as possible and I've tried various methods but nothing seems to work. Could you please suggest an alternative method? For instance, using a crocodile-nosed pliers around the screw head if there is enough space, or a hacksaw blade on the shaft of the screw under the board (being careful not to scratch the underside), followed by tapping a disposable small screwdriver into the head of the stripped screw until I can get a flat head screw or enough turning force. I would greatly appreciate any help you can provide. Best regards, Cathal Mac Innes" }, { "body": "Four of the IE nameservers are publishing outdated DNS information, specifically the zone from last Friday. This means they are six days behind reality. As a result, correct DNS resolution for any IE DNS data that has been added or updated since last Friday will be intermittent. If you're lucky, your resolver will query one of the five nameservers that are publishing an up-to-date zone, unfortunately, only five out of nine are doing so. This presents poor odds, and if you lose the gamble, your resolver will cache the bad data for up to two days. If you're a user of BIND or PowerDNS, you could add 'blackhole' to your named.conf and restart BIND to avoid querying the bad nameservers. This will prevent any queries to those servers. Putting in service DNS caching root servers (ie and restarting DNSCache) will have the same result for DNSCache users." }, { "body": "As list administrator, I am requesting your authorization for the mailing list 'Irish Internet (IIU IE) Nameserver Problems'. This list is moderated. At your convenience, please approve or deny the request." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, It has come to my attention that four of the IE nameservers are publishing outdated DNS information. The affected servers are publishing the IE zone from last Friday and are six days behind reality. I noticed this issue when indexing stuff for whois.ie last week, as banbadomainregistry.ie and irishinternet.ie were a few days out of sync at that time. It appears that the affected secondary servers may have been using AXFR and propagated this error. This situation raises concerns about IE's decision to outsource technical administration to a company that seems unable to manage its own DNS properly. It's unfortunate because it recalls the incident when IE disappeared for hours in July. Best, John McCormac" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, Unfortunately, we experienced a severe crash over the weekend that destroyed all configuration data for our mailing lists. As a result, I had to rebuild the mailing list from various sources including past list traffic archives. If you are currently subscribed to one of our lists, you may have received a 'Welcome to the List' email. However, if you were previously subscribed to any of our lists or have never been, I hope that you didn't receive such an email. If you did receive an email asking you to visit a URL and unsubscribe (if necessary), please do so using the provided password from the email, if needed. For list admins on any of our lists at listsboxhost.net or taintorg, I would appreciate it if you could verify your settings to ensure they match up with what they used to be. I apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me. Regards, Justin Mason" }, { "body": "Hello John McCormac, Last week, during indexing for whoisireland.com, I observed an inconsistency between and banbadomainregistryie regarding the SOA record, with a discrepancy of a few days. The other nameservers seemed to provide current SOA data at that time, but the affected secondaries might have been using AXFR for propagation, causing this error. I'm unsure about 's role in relation to the ie zone; as far as I recall, it may be involved in zone distribution. However, it is not part of the regular resolution process. On Friday, a serial number was encountered that none of the IE nameservers shared. Unfortunately, I don't have a record of this serial number. This inconsistency raises concerns about IEDR's decision to outsource the technical administration of ie to a company that apparently does not even administer its own DNS. It's an interesting story, reminiscent of the time when IE was unavailable for hours in July and you were the only one who noticed. Shortly after my note on Friday, the affected servers stopped responding to DNS requests, causing IE to have two dead nameservers, four stuck, and three functioning correctly. Marvellous! Best Regards, James" }, { "body": "Dear James Raftery, I'm not certain about your role regarding the IE zone, but it doesn't seem to be involved in the regular resolution process. It might have a role in zone distribution as I recall, and I remember having an issue on Friday with a serial that none of the IE nameservers shared unfortunately, without a record of that incident from indexing. It appears that cno appears to be iedr's cno nameserver for its cnodomains (iedr.com and others). This situation indeed raises questions about IEDR's decision to outsource the technical administration of IE to a company that apparently doesn't even manage its own DNS. It's an interesting story, almost as good as the time when IE disappeared for hours in July and you were the only one who noticed. Messages on the iedrforum list at the time don't support your assertion, but remember, you were there. Those who said it didn't happen did not witness the fadeout in progress; it came back after the server was rebooted properly. However improbable it seemed at the time, the nameservers came back up after a power outage without the IE zone file as a result. There was nothing in the file that secondaries picked up at the time I thought that the file was on NFS, but if it regenerated after reboot and the NFS input wasn't there, it would have generated a blank zonefile. That makes some sense now, but it has an alarming relevance. As an aside, the nameservers stopped responding to DNS requests on Friday and had two dead nameservers, four stuck, and three working correctly. A week ago, we had a similar issue. The nameservers themselves had connectivity problems, and it was ongoing even after the initial SOA problems. I am thinking of writing a simple IE secondary state monitor for inclusion on whoisireland.com as these guys seem to be technologically incapable of running their own DNS. Whatever selection process IEDR used should be investigated by the relevant government department, especially as the company supposedly providing technical administration to IEDR didn't actually spot this loss of synch. The IEDR contract with the company should be reviewed in light of this event. This kind of week-long loss of sync shouldn't happen with a national domain like Ireland, more like e-jit central. Regards, John McCormac" }, { "body": "As list administrator, your authorization is required for the following request to harvest email addresses rapidly by nonmembers and post them to a member-only list. You may approve or deny this request at your convenience." }, { "body": "As list administrator, I am requesting your authorization to allow a non-member post on the members-only mailing list 'Humour Friendship'. Please approve or deny this request at your convenience." }, { "body": "It seems that you can reach further, but with a limitation on bandwidth. Bernie Goldbach suggests that higher allowance nationally is associated with a specific frequency constraint. If you require watts, this could mean a tighter limit in the open spectrum. This might impact deployments that channel-hop when they encounter degradations in signal strength. Regards, Antoin O'Lachtnain" }, { "body": "As list administrator, your authorization is required for the following request: a non-member has posted a mailing list harvest script that quickly collects email addresses to a members-only list. You may approve or deny this request at your convenience." }, { "body": "The mailing list contains requests awaiting your attention. I kindly request you to address these at your earliest convenience. A daily update on any pending requests will be sent out, based on the schedule of Wednesday, July 1st. Please note that this update will only be sent to the member-only list." }, { "body": "Hello Brian, I understand your concern regarding the unwanted IP access on your PC. It seems you have been unable to resolve the issue despite using Ad-Aware spyware removal software and contacting the relevant company. Here are a few suggestions that might help: 1. Malwarebytes: This is another popular anti-malware software that could potentially detect and remove the unwanted program causing the issue. 2. Manual Malware Detection: Since the offending program does not seem to be in Ad-Aware's database, you may want to try manual malware detection. This involves running a system scan with various tools like Sysinternals Suite or Process Explorer from Microsoft, and Malwarebytes Anti-Explorer. 3. Contact your Internet Service Provider (ISP): If the issue persists, it might be beneficial to contact your ISP for assistance as they may have more insights into the IP address in question and potential solutions. 4. Network Segmentation: As a preventive measure, consider network segmentation. This involves separating your PC from other devices on your network using a router with VLAN capabilities or a dedicated network for your PC. This can help prevent any malware from spreading across your network. 5. Reinstall your Operating System: If all else fails, you may want to consider reinstalling your operating system. This will ensure that your PC starts fresh and any hidden malware is removed. Be sure to back up important data beforehand. Hopefully, one of these suggestions helps you resolve the issue. Let me know if you have any questions or need further assistance." }, { "body": "Hi Martin, I understand that you're having trouble with an application on your PC making unauthorized connections to an IP without your consent. This issue has escalated to the point where normal web browsing is nearly impossible. You've identified the company involved and have reached out to them for a resolution, but unfortunately, you haven't received a response. A helpful individual suggested using Ad-Aware Spyware Removal, which seemed to help temporarily, but the problem has reoccurred today. It appears that the offending program is not in Ad-Aware's database. Given this situation, I would recommend seeking further assistance for removing whatever is causing this issue from your PC. Regarding your message about Diseditor, I understand that it allows organizations to publish information to their websites quickly and cost-effectively without needing a full-time web developer. Regular updates keep site information fresh and encourage repeat visits by users. I hope this tool serves you well in managing your information." }, { "body": "Dear Martin Whelan, I'm sorry to hear about the issues you're experiencing with your PC. It seems that an unknown application is making unauthorized connections to an IP address, causing difficulties with normal web browsing. You've tried Ad-Aware spyware removal, but the issue reoccurred today. Since the offending program isn't in the Ad-Aware database, I would suggest running a full system scan using updated software such as Malwarebytes or Kaspersky to identify and remove any potential threats. It might also be beneficial to seek advice from IT forums or experts for more targeted solutions. In unrelated news, I wanted to inform you about our core product, Diseditor. This tool allows organizations to publish information to their website in a fast and cost-effective manner without requiring a full-time web developer. Regular updates keep the site information fresh, encouraging users to return for more. If you're interested, please visit our website for a demonstration. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Hi Martin, I understand that you're having trouble with an unauthorized connection issue on your PC. It seems that one of your applications is trying to access an IP address without your consent, making normal web browsing difficult. You've confirmed the IP address and have contacted the company, but they haven't responded. You've used Ad-Aware to remove potential spyware, but the issue persists. Since the offending program isn't in Ad-Aware's database, I suggest trying other antispyware or malware removal tools. It might also be beneficial to run a system scan with updated files to ensure all potential threats are detected. Regarding your message about iiu dise design's product, Diseditor: it allows organizations to update their website information quickly and cost-effectively without requiring a full-time web developer. Regular updates keep site information fresh and attract users back to visit. If you'd like a demonstration or have any questions about the product, feel free to ask. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Brian, Thank you for reaching out and sharing your concerns about suspicious activity on your PC. I understand that you have only approved the minimal standard apps and are experiencing what appears to be something more insidious than a typical ad program. It might indeed be worth removing all your apps from the approved list, although I agree it is quite inconvenient. Unfortunately, ZoneAlarm didn't provide any information about the specific app causing the issue this time. It only blocked the outward access and warned you that an attempt occurred. If possible, check the first app which makes the connection, hoping it won't be anything standard. I'm sorry to hear that the Ad-Aware spyware removal didn't solve your problem permanently. The offending program seems to not be in Ad-Aware's database. I would suggest running Ad-Aware with current ref files every day and keep monitoring your PC for any unusual activity. In the meantime, if you haven't already, consider contacting a professional IT support service or malware removal tool provider for further assistance. Let me know if there are any updates on the situation. Best regards, Martin Whelan" }, { "body": "Dear Martin, Thank you for informing me about the Ad Aware tool to be used on Saturday, August xx at pm. I appreciate your suggestion and will certainly try it out. However, I have only approved the minimum standard apps so far. This might be something more insidious than the typical ad program, or perhaps I'm just being paranoid. Either way, I'll give it a shot. Best regards, Brian" }, { "body": "The mailing list has requests that require your attention. Please address these as soon as possible, as a daily update on pending requests will be sent out. Any notices regarding pending requests from non-members to the members-only list will be posted daily (on Wed Jul), and every Friday (on Aug 1st and subsequent Fridays) for the rest of the month." }, { "body": "Hi everyone, I apologize for the cross-list posting. My boss is seeking information about a phone that meets specific requirements. They are looking for a tri-band GPRS phone with long battery life and Bluetooth (though Bluetooth is optional). I had suggested the PDAsphone combo. Could anyone suggest possible phones meeting these specifications or a similar combination, along with some information sources providing maps, rates, and percentages of European-wide GPRS coverage and roaming fees?" }, { "body": "Hi, I believe you can achieve better value for your money by purchasing a mobile phone separately from PDAs. This sentiment is shared by power users. A combination such as a European Nokia with a European Palm, when connected via a European Bluetooth SD chip, will meet your specifications. Even when out of sight, the Palm and Nokia can communicate with each other." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, Thank you for sharing the helpful insights on phone PDA choices. As an additional note, I noticed they have released a USB Bluetooth dongle. If this can be combined with an LPTP and works with Bluetooth HSCSD, it could potentially be a useful addition. I am compiling some findings about this and will share them if anyone is interested. Regards, Bernard Bernard Tyers from the National Centre for Sensor Research iiu mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I currently have Apple toner cartridges for Laser Writer and PS Apple Toner Cartridge for Laser Writer Pro/Pro Cannon EPA Cartridge/Cannon EPE Cartridge. If anyone has one of these printers or is interested in giving me some change or the cost of a pint in exchange, they would make excellent Christmas gifts. If you are interested, please call the printer cartridge hotline at the number below. If lines are busy, please try again later but do call now. Bernard, I should be hosting on QVC someday, Bernard Tyers, National Centre for Sensor Research, I am on the IU Mailing List." }, { "body": "Although the subject may be unfortunate, due to customer insistence, we must deploy one project as a WAMP project instead of LAMP. Therefore, I will be handling these Windows toys as an experienced ix person. Are there any recommended educational resources for using Apache, PHP, Perl, and MySQL together? I've heard that someone had to do the same and found any particular 'nasty gotchas'. I am familiar with the Running Microsoft Software on WebDev mailing list." }, { "body": "Subject: Deployment on Sunday, July - WAMP Project Instead of LAMP Dear Team, I understand the subject may not be appealing, but due to customer insistence, we need to deploy one project using a WAMP setup instead of LAMP. As an experienced IIS person, I can manage these Windows-based tools. However, I'm seeking suggestions for educational resources or best practices when working with Apache, PHP, Perl, and MySQL together. Has anyone on the team had to do something similar before? If so, did you encounter any specific challenges or 'gotchas'? I'm aware of running Microsoft software; I've worked with Apache mod_php and MySQL on Windows in the past. As I recall, the only issue was installing the MSI installer, but that was mentioned in the documentation, and since it's built-in now, you shouldn't face this problem. For Perl, I recommend ActiveState (<https://www.activestate.com>) as a reliable source for prebuilt binaries. This has worked well for me in the past. Additionally, the Nickwebdev mailing list might prove helpful. Best, Niall" }, { "body": "Hi Nick, PhpTriad is a comprehensive PHP development and server environment for Windows. It installs PHP, Apache, MySQL, PHPMyAdmin, and now also includes Perl. This software not only handles the installation process but also sets up the environment, updates its versions, and maintains all components. Furthermore, it has recently added the HTHwillwebdev mailing list." }, { "body": "I believe I remembered correctly that work on PhpTriad has stopped. However, setting up a development environment with MySQL, PHP, Perl, ActiveState, and Apache on your server is quite straightforward. Here's a suggestion: Give PhpTriad a try. PhpTriad is a comprehensive PHP development and server environment for Windows that installs PHP, Apache, MySQL, PHPMyAdmin, updates all components, and now includes Perl as well. This should be useful for web development. I suggest you check out the webdev mailing list for more information." }, { "body": "This is a monthly reminder about your Linuxie mailing list memberships. The email includes your subscription information and instructions on how to modify or cancel your membership from a specific list. You can visit the provided URLs to change your membership status or configuration, including unsubscribing, setting digest-style delivery, or disabling delivery temporarily (e.g., during a vacation). Additionally, you can make these changes via email. For more information, send a message containing just the word 'help' to the list request address. If you encounter any issues, problems, comments, etc., please contact . Your password URL for the Linuxie mailing lists is ." }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I'm trying to find a copy of the phpmailsettings package or php cyrustools that should include the former. All web references point to the canonical location, but it is currently unavailable. The author has not responded either. If anyone has this package and could share it with the webdev mailing list, I would greatly appreciate it." }, { "body": "I'm attempting to set up Zope behind Apache to use virtualhosts for it, and I have a site that I want to appear as servername mysite.com. The document root is set to var, rewrite engine is on, and a rule for rewriting p is implemented. However, the issue arises with framed pages like Zope's management interface, which instead of going to the intended location, ends up being displayed in the browser. I believe there might be an error in my configuration, could someone please suggest what I might be doing wrong?" }, { "body": "Hello, could you please recommend a reliable website monitoring service with SMS alerts? I apologize if this is off-topic. Adrian Murphy from Strategies, Beechlawn, Cloncrane, Clonbullogue, Co Offaly, Ireland" }, { "body": "Hi Adrian Murphy, I hope this email finds you well. In response to your inquiry, I'd like to recommend Nagios as a website monitoring service that includes SMS alerts. It offers more functionalities than just website monitoring. Best regards, Niall (WebDev Mailing List)" }, { "body": "Hi Adrian Murphy, I'm reaching out to see if you could recommend a good website monitoring service that offers SMS alerts. I apologize if this is off-topic, as I understand Diane Murphy Strategies, Beechlawn, Cloncrane, Clonbullogue, Co. Offaly, Ireland isn't directly related to web development. Regarding the office noticeboard at Lee Hosty (CSNULie Snitterfield Office), it seems there are some quirky items such as slightly smutty postcards from Ibiza pinned up by 'Snitterbies'. I also noticed the QVWebDev mailing list mention. Best, " }, { "body": "Dear Dave Wilson, In your recent email about parsing the results of the select multiple in PHP after submission, I understand that the variable name needs to end with a suffix. My question is why this is necessary as most languages parse submitted form data into either variables or an array hash which can be named freely. The issue you've mentioned regarding linking the regions select action with the sites select multiple through JavaScript seems to be due to the fact that JavaScript can't refer to the select multiple by name because of the brackets. Instead, it has to be referred to by its location in the DOM. As for why the variable name needs to end with a suffix when PHP parses the submitted form data, I'm afraid I don't have a clear answer as my understanding of PHP might not be comprehensive enough. Regarding your mention of the webdev mailing list, it appears to be referring to a restaurant that is advertised as being just three minutes from a cinema, yet no one seems to ever go there. Even if someone had contemplated visiting, they have certainly changed their mind since seeing the advertisement. Best regards," }, { "body": "I believe I follow your explanation until you mentioned that a variable name should end with something in most languages. In PHP, when processing submitted form data, the data usually comes out as either variables or an associative array (hash) which can be named as required. If the query string contains 'varname=first&varname=second', PHP will create a variable called 'varname' with the value 'second'. However, if the query string is 'varname[]=first&varname[]=second', PHP will create an array with indexes, starting from 0. There are other ways to get data from the request and I may resort to those methods if it proves simpler for the script that generates the form. As I understand it, that's the official way to get data from a select multiple using PHP according to the DaveWebDev mailing list." }, { "body": "Kate inquired about this several months ago, and I provided some code and tips on how to address the issue. It appears that you should refer to the form elements by their names enclosed in brackets, but wrapped in curly braces. As for why a variable name needs to end with brackets, it is unclear as most languages parse the submitted form data and should produce either variables or an array hash which can then be named at will. However, if I recall correctly, if the query string contains the webdev mailing list, the variable name would need to include brackets for proper interpretation." }, { "body": "On Monday, I believe you mentioned Dave Wilson. If a query string contains 'varnamefirstvarnamesecond', PHP creates a variable named 'varname' with the result being 'second'. However, if it contains 'varnamefirstvarnamesecond', PHP creates an array instead. An interesting solution to this could be modifying PHP: take a look at main_php_variablesc in the PHP source distribution. You might want to tinker with the variable isarray in php_register_variable_ex and see if you can force all variables to be arrays. As far as I can tell, they do this to save time by not having to determine which variables have multiple values. This was discussed on the Nickwebdev mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, I'm exploring options for a Unix/Linux virtual server that can accommodate multiple domains at an affordable price since I'm not a business. My primary goal is to create several PHP-MySQL sites and host them. Here are the key features I seek: - Circa web space - Email accounts - Account control panel - Perl, PHP, MySQL support - FTP and Telnet access - cgi-bin, webalizer, graphical stats server side includes - Good technical support reachable I've found a promising solution in the region of PA, but it currently exceeds my financial capabilities in one payment. I haven't completed any sites yet, but I have some potential jobs coming up. Any tips, pointers you could share would be greatly appreciated. Best regards, Elvin webdev mailing list" }, { "body": "Hello everyone, I would usually not share something like this but I found it quite fascinating as it demonstrates how people are linking to you. Although you might not be able to access it directly from the submit button, try your URL once the Java applet is loaded. It's really quite nice! - AJ McKee, NMTB Media Europe & North America" }, { "body": "I currently have access to a PM web space for nowpop email accounts through an account control panel that supports Perl, PHP, MySQL, FTP, and Telnet (luckily you can often find SSH instead). The CGI bin, webalizer graphical stats, server side includes, and reachable technical support make this a great setup. I recently found a promising solution in the region of PA, but it's slightly beyond my financial means at the moment. However, I have potential jobs coming up that I might be able to take advantage of. Any tips or pointers you can provide are much appreciated. So far, they haven't let me down yet. Also, you could check out iWebs.com as well, though I'm not sure if they only offer hosting services. Lastly, the webdev mailing list might be worth checking out." }, { "body": "Hello Lee, I suggest you might also look into iewebs.com for hosting options though I'm not sure if they only offer that service these days. As you may find, there isn't much information about iewebs these days as it appears to be somewhat defunct. At the moment, I won't be able to work on private development projects for a while, so I won't be actively pushing it. I still do hosting and domain registration, but I only handle vanilla accounts unless I know the user reasonably well due to trust issues. Thank you for the referral! Please note that when my website goes down, I will no longer have one." }, { "body": "The phrase 'chip off the old block' originated from carpentry, referring to a piece of wood carved from the same block as another. Its first form was 'chip of the same block,' meaning that a person or thing was made of the same stuff as someone or something else. A later form is 'a chip of the old block,' which meant that someone was the spitting image of their father or continued some family characteristic. The phrase has been modified to its current form, 'chip off the old block,' and is used to describe a person who behaves or resembles a parent or other relative." }, { "body": "It seems you're encountering an issue with the error below while piping mail through Razorcheck via Postfix, but it works fine as root. The error started without any apparent changes to the system. Here's what the log shows: Bootup logging initiated > razoragents starting > razorcheck jul unable to connect to array invalid argument jul bad jul unable to connect to array invalid argument jul razorcheck no razor servers available at this time. This issue is occurring with the user filter through Postfix. However, it was functioning correctly for days prior. For more information, you may find helpful resources on the sfnet email sponsored Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email. Chad Norwood on Steven Champeon asked about the progress regarding this issue. I can confirm that we are continuously working on improving the overall system, client code, server code, and logic. Sometimes, the long-term fix may not be immediately apparent for specific issues reported by RazorUsers. However, if a mail is reported and revoked by the same identity, it might still be considered spam. This seems to contradict the current process as it doesn't make sense. Could you please manually remove/revoke the message in question temporarily while we work on understanding this issue better? I have already used the mutt command and razorrevoke to revoke it but it appears to still be in Razor hashes (on heskethcominc). The SFNET email is sponsored, and welcome to Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "There was an issue with the backup discovery server, which has now been fixed. I am encountering some errors while sending mail through Postfix via the user filter and Razorcheck. The error messages are as follows: 'jul bootup logging initiated', 'razoragents starting razor check', 'jul unable to connect to array invalid argument', 'bad jul unable to connect to array invalid argument', 'razorcheck no razor servers available at this time'. This problem has started suddenly without any changes made and it was running smoothly for days before. The email is sponsored by sfnet and is part of the geek heaven razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "I apologize if this question has already been addressed in the mailing list archives, but I couldn't find a way to search the archives. I have attempted to scan through the archive messages but haven't found an answer yet. My issue is that I am trying to set up an SMTP relay mail server using Postfix, SpamAssassin, and Amavisd-new on an RHEL box. The setup is as follows: No local delivery, just an anti-spam filter box installed and in that order. However, when I try to load Amavisd from the command line as root, I encounter errors saying it can't locate 'razorclientpm'. My machine does have a clientpm on it; in fact, it has several. It seems I may be missing something. Can you please advise if there is a search engine or other resources to help me resolve this issue? Thank you." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, it is believed that Scott Henderson may be encountering an issue with RazorClientPM, a component of Razor you've installed. Please note that the current release of SpamAssassins only works with it, but I believe the latest CVS code could potentially work with Tabor. This is just another instance of a system being affected by the pervasive morality in this SFNet environment. Welcome to Geek Heaven - RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Tabor Wells mentioned that you have installed Razor and SpamAssassin's current release, but it only works with the previous version of the code, as per my understanding. However, he stated that the current CVS code works fine. To install the latest CVS code, you can get it from the sourceforge.net site. Unfortunately, I couldn't find it directly on RazorSourceForge, but I assume it might be located elsewhere in their repository. This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Tabor, Scott Henderson is believed to have expressed gratitude for your assistance regarding the installation of Over software. It appears that you may need to scroll down on the downloads page at RazorSourceForge to find it, as it's not immediately visible. However, an alternative option might be to install SpamAssassin's bleeding edge code, as Razor seems to offer more features compared to Tabor J. Regarding your issue with 'fsck it just another victim of the ambient morality', I can only sympathize. This email is sponsored and welcomes you to the Geek Heaven - RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Hello RazorUsers, Please find a rephrased version of your recent message below: On Tuesday, July , it was suggested on the Tabor J Wells' forum to scroll down on the Downloads page for SpamAssassin. However, it might be more beneficial to install the bleeding-edge code of SpamAssassin instead, as Razor offers several features that are superior to other versions. Please note, I would like to emphasize that it is not advisable to use non-released or development-only versions of software in any environment where the consequences of such code could affect production results. Running development code on a production machine can lead to unexpected issues. The problem isn't with SpamAssassin anyway; it has been reported that there are issues with Amavis on the listserv where Razor is being searched for randomly. In other news, I heard a fascinating analogy: Razor (or random generated tape) can be likened to the force in 'Star Wars' it has a light side and a dark side, and it maintains the balance of the universe. It's intriguing to think about, isn't it? Best regards, " }, { "body": "Dear User, Thank you for your message. To install Razor, you can download it from the RazorSourceForge downloads page. Scroll down on the page to find the download links. However, an alternative solution might be to install SpamAssassin's bleeding-edge code as Razor has some nice features over it. If you have already installed SA but are encountering the same error when launching amavisdnew ('can't find razorclientpm'), it seems that the Amavis code is calling for this. I suggest reaching out to the Amavis users list for assistance on this matter. If you happen to find a solution before then, feel free to share it. Best regards, Geek Heaven Razor Users Mailing List" }, { "body": "Today, I encountered multiple instances of Razor agents starting and aborting Razor reports due to issues during authentication. Despite my enthusiasm for Razor, I find myself questioning the decision to distribute what appears as alpha-quality software as production-ready. It seems that Patrick Greenwell may be asking the wrong questions, leading to incorrect conclusions. This email is sponsored by SFNet and intended for the Razor Users mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that the Razor SDK client, which previously was catching a decent set of spams, is no longer doing so. I received an email this morning with the subject 'another two or three about how many inches longer I can be'. I'm wondering if I might have missed some recent configuration changes or updates regarding this issue. Thank you in advance for your assistance." }, { "body": "On Tuesday, July  (Date ), it is believed that Patrick encountered multiple instances of an error with Razor's Agent starting the Razor Reports jobs. The error message displayed was 'Razor Report Error while authenticating. Aborting.' I assume this issue has been resolved or at least a workaround has been implemented to retry again. I am quite fond of Razor, but I cannot help but question if it is wise for the developers to be releasing what appears to be alpha-quality software as production-ready. On June  (Date ), Vipul released the first beta of Vipul's Razor, now available for public download. The announcement post sent to this list also states that it is in beta. It seems we are yet another victim of the ambient morality on SFNet. This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven: RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Tabor Wells, On Tuesday, July 5th, Patrick Greenwell reported multiple occurrences of an error with the Razor agents starting the report jobs. The error was with the authentication process and resulted in the job aborting. However, it seems that this issue has been fixed or there's a workaround available to try again. I appreciate your patience and continue to enjoy the concept of Razor. That being said, I have been questioning whether it is appropriate for the developers to present software that appears to be in alpha quality as production-ready. The June release of Vipul's Razor marked the availability of the first beta version for public download and Vipul himself stated in his announcement post that it is a beta product. I apologize for any confusion caused. Regards, Patrick Greenwell" }, { "body": "Dear User, Regarding your feedback on the June release of Vipul's Razor, I understand your concerns about the download page and its potential confusion. It seems that the language used may not be entirely clear about whether the packages being offered are for development or production use. I will convey your thoughts to the team, suggesting that they improve the site design to make it more transparent about the nature of the packages being provided. This will help prevent any misunderstandings and ensure users can download the appropriate code based on their needs. Thank you for your valuable input. Keep the feedback coming! Best regards, The RazorUsers Team" }, { "body": "It appears to me that Vipul Co may be unintentionally causing confusion, leading users to download development code in order to gather more test sites. I apologize if my statement seems harsh; it was not intended that way. As the saying goes, never attribute to malice what can be explained by incompetence. Let's move forward." }, { "body": "I get the impression that Vipul and their team may be inadvertently leading users into downloading development code, which could potentially result in more unwitting test sites. I apologize if this statement sounds harsh; it was not my intention. However, it seems that some work needs to be done to improve the system, making it less problematic. It's a great idea with potential, but it requires some fine-tuning. Asking the wrong questions is the leading cause of wrong answers, and I believe this might be the case here. This email is sponsored by SFNet and goes out to the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Geek Heaven RazorUsers, I have the impression that Vipul Co may unintentionally give users an impression of purposely leading them to download the dev code for more test sites. I apologize if this comes across as harsh; my intention was to express a concern rather than accuse. The question at hand is what steps need to be taken to enhance our system's performance, and it's clear that this is an excellent idea - it just needs some work, which is typical for any beta project. To make the system perform better, we require continuous end-user testing, constructive feedback, and suggestions on improving the system. With each new beta version, everyone should be testing on the same version of the code to avoid old bugs being reported as new ones and slowing down the debugging process. Please report any installation issues, bugs, errors, or other problems encountered to the beta list for prompt review. Detailed descriptions of issues, including logs if possible, as well as any captured spam that generated the error, are greatly appreciated. Thank you for contributing to Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "There are currently several thousand satisfied users of the Razor system, although it is still in beta, a stable release is imminent. If you encounter problems, download the latest version as the issue may already have been resolved. Otherwise, submit a bug report to (mailto:vipul@cheersvipulonwedjul) or (mailto:patrickgreenwell@rodbegbie.com). It seems there might be some confusion regarding the testing phase and it's not my intention to imply any deliberate misdirection. The system has great potential, it just needs refinement. Asking the right questions is crucial for getting accurate answers - this is a known issue in the tech community. This email is sponsored by SFNet - Welcome to Geek Heaven: Razor Users Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Torresen Marine Inc, I have received an email about the June Vipuls Razor release. I would like to express my concerns regarding the availability of the first beta version for public download. While the top of the page mentions that this is a beta release, I believe the code still seems very much pre-beta. The site design is unclear and potentially misleading, as it doesn't make it clear these are development packages. I get the impression that Vipul Co might be intentionally trying to lead users into downloading the development code for more unwitting testing sites, although this is just my opinion and I could be wrong. In any case, here's a brief summary of my thoughts: The origins of 'long story short' are complicated and rambling; I'm just doing the blogging thang again. Best regards, Christopher VanOosterhout" }, { "body": "On Wednesday, July, it appears to me that Vipul CO is unintentionally creating a misunderstanding for users regarding the download of dev code. This might be inadvertently resulting in the creation of more unwitting test sites. I apologize if my wording sounds harsh; it was not my intention as the saying goes, 'Never attribute to malice that which can be equally explained by incompetence.' By the way, this is a reminder that I am not John Andersen from Juneau, Alaska and this SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. If you are a Razorusers mailing list member, remember to build it, don't just IM!" }, { "body": "I'm forwarding an email that appears to express concern about Vipul Co, suggesting they may inadvertently lead users into downloading development code, potentially resulting in more test sites. The sender apologizes for the harsh tone, acknowledging that unintentional errors can sometimes be mistaken for malice. He also mentions that he's tired of being asked about his affiliation with Yahoo and finds it intrusive. Lastly, he introduces Jabber, a rapidly growing real-time communications platform, and invites you to consider building it into the Razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "This is a stable beta release. I've listed below all changes since the last major release, which are also in the changes file included with the targz. Here are the highlights: - Chad (July) added :nilsimsa and :escape to make filepls prerequisites. - Vipul fixed a rare bug in the report. Thanks to Alan A for this and much more help. - Chad (July) improved logic again for detecting spam. - Runtime warnings are disabled unless in debug mode. - Chad (July) improved logic for detecting spam, now we only look at visible and/or significant MIME parts. - MIME parts cleaned to only whitespace are now ignored on the client side (they are not checked against the server). - Chad fixed a bug in the report (err). - Chad quieted more warnings. - Chad fixed a bug in revokereport. - The whitelist now looks at all headers for matching. - Chad added debuglevel whitelist cmdline options. - Chad quieted more warnings. - Chad (July) renamed razorregister to register. You must now use 'razoradmin register' instead of just 'razorregister'. - Chad cleaned up how we store mail parts, each mail object now has a part object that stores info relevant to that part. - Chad fixed parsembox for reading mbox and mails. - Backup any existing identity files before writing over them with new identity. - Added lock file support so only one process writes to serverslst at a time. - Added rediscoverwaitdns. - Fixed a bug when we rediscover, we save info to the list correctly but when using it, we skip the first server. - Fixed whitelist, so a rule from xx only matches xx, not from xx (note the ':'). - Chad made exit codes cleaner. - Fixed error msgexit code after disconnect. - Added 'w' to razor binaries. - If authentication fails due to an unknown user, attempt re-register. - Quieted a bunch of warnings. This SFNet email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM, build it in Razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "It is unclear if SpamCop handles forwarded messages from agents correctly, specifically when a message lacks original header lines in the email body. It would be advantageous and convenient if it supported a 'Verbatim Forwarding' option, as it is user-friendly. SpamCop does understand this format; for example, see an instance from by mailjthnet (Postfix with SMTP ID) for Fri Jul CEST: fwd razorusers razor agents released Fri Jul, followed by the agent inline from by mailjthnet (Postfix with ESMTMP ID) for Fri Jul CEST and the rest of the original header and the body. This email is sponsored by SFNet - Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM, build it in the razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "The emails with attachments are currently handled as single parts rather than broken down into MIME parts. However, this approach may change in the future. Currently, we do not break down the headers and body of the email and send it to the server without parsing. An alternative way to handle it would be to treat it like a regular mail and break it down into parts. There are reasons for and against breaking it down, but at present, we have chosen not to do so. It would be advantageous if the system supported verbatim forwarding option, particularly when reporting spam from an agent, as this format is easy to use and SpamCop understands. For instance, in the example provided by J rgen Thomsen, a forwarded message from an agent should ideally maintain the original header lines, while the body of the email should not include these improperly. Here's an example: J rgen Thomsen wrote: 'From: by mailjthnet Postfix with SMTP ID FRI JUL CEST FWD RAZORUSERS RAZOR AGENTS RELEASED FRI JUL FORTE Agent Inline And the rest of the original header and the body' This SFNET email is sponsored by Jabber, the world's fastest growing real-time communications platform. Don't just IM, build it in razorusers mailing list.'" }, { "body": "Dear Kylus, Thank you for stepping up on Thursday. I apologize if my tone came across as abrupt, it was just necessary to express my gratitude. I must clarify that I do not have any connection with 'john andersen' in Juneau, Alaska or the SFNET email list. Please remove me from the 'geek heaven razorusers mailing list' if possible. Sincerely," }, { "body": "I would like to clarify my concerns regarding the forwarding of emails. Forwarding an email to a spamtrap address that performs a RazorReport on the entire received email should not be considered as wasteful, despite the fact that the contents of the forwarded email may not match exactly with the original email. This is because the header lines of the original message are in the body of the new message and should be recognized and treated properly. An ordinary forward, unquoted in an agent, is subject to character set conversions and does not depict the received spam in its original form. I hope this provides clarity on my concerns. This email is sponsored to Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Hi team, I'm having trouble locating the RPMs. Does anyone remember the URL? The person I'm thinking of is Brian Fahrlender, known for his Linux zealotry and conservative views, also a member of technomadevansville on ICQ. I prefer to avoid Israel-related news unless it specifically mentions 'bullet', 'brain', and 'Arafat'. This email is intended for the geek heaven razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you're asking if there's a way to access the central database that tracks a reporter's electronic reputation. This includes information such as the number of messages sent and any message revokes. Unfortunately, I don't have that capability to provide direct access to this data." }, { "body": "Jrgen, I would like to clarify a few concerns regarding forwarding emails to your spamtrap address. The forwarded email has new header lines which should be discarded and the original message's header lines in the body of the new message should be recognized and treated properly. An ordinary forward might undergo character set conversions and may not depict the received spam in its original form. This could potentially lead to unnecessary processing if the contents of the forwarded email are not recognized as equal to the originally received email due to differences in header lines. I hope this helps clarify my concerns." }, { "body": "I apologize for any inconvenience you've experienced with our system over the past month. It appears that you were encountering a pathing and logpathing problem, which has now been resolved. Regarding the message 'could not get valid info from discovery servers', it seems this issue is related to your SDK and new agent. I would recommend contacting our support team to diagnose the cause further. This could potentially be due to server outage or another issue. Please find our support contact information below: Support Email: support@ourcompany.com Phone: 123-4567-8901 For any further communication, please feel free to add me on IQC under the username 'brian fahrlnder'. However, please note that I prefer not to receive news from Israel until it contains the words 'bullet', 'brain' and 'Arafat'. This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi Steve Hesketh, I noticed that you mentioned an issue with Robert S Wojciechowski Jr regarding RazorReport from a SendMail alias. However, I don't see any responses yet. The error occurs when calling RazorReport from the SendMail alias but not from the command line as a different user. The solution I found was to run RazorAdmin create and RazorAdmin discover with a home argument set to the global etcRazor directory which is explicitly specified in the args to the alias pipe. The manual page suggests that etcRazor/razoragent.conf will be loaded first, but it doesn't mention that RazorAdmin will then create a Razor directory in the user's home directory if it doesn't exist. This could potentially lead to some minor confusion if the user is trying to set the discovery and other defaults for a default (e.g., etcRazor install). The workaround is as follows: explicitly specify the path to RazorHome on the command line, e.g., - razoradmin home etcRazor - createRazorAdmin home etcRazor discover This should help in setting the defaults for etcRazor install. Best regards, " }, { "body": "Subject: Inquiry about SMRazo Milter performance during peak traffic and usage Dear Razor Users, I am currently using the SMRazo Milter with Solaris and Sendmail, and it appears to function well under light server loads. However, during periods of heavy traffic or peak catalog server usage, the SMRazo Milter seems to stop and occasionally dump core. I'm wondering if there is a theoretical limit on the number of messages per minute that can be processed. I have noticed timeouts occurring, so I increased the milter timeout per message to seconds but still encountered issues such as 'could not get valid info from discovery servers'. I'm not using Procmail because this cluster of servers functions as a gateway for different servers and domains, and local users won't work due to overlapping usernames or excessively large virtual user table to alias mappings. Alternatively, do you have any suggestions for a high-capacity milter for this setup or any other related ideas? Regards, " }, { "body": "Dear Vipul and Prakash, I have managed to get SMRAZOR Milter working on Solaris with Sendmail, but during peak traffic times or peak catalog server usage, the SMRAZOR Milter stops and sometimes dumps core. I was wondering if there's a theoretical limit in terms of number of messages per minute that can be processed. I have noticed timeouts occurring, even though I set the milter timeout per message to several seconds and the occasional 'could not get valid info from discovery servers' is more than enough timeout. There seems to be no request-per-minute limit, and we are not close to hardware limits on any of the servers. Could you please send me relevant sections from the log file as well as your config? Best, " }, { "body": "Vipul Ved Prakash has reported an issue with SMRazor Milter on servers Sven and Wednesday, July. The Milter seems to function well under light server loads but experiences problems during peak traffic times or catalog server usage, sometimes even dumping core. He is inquiring if there is a theoretical limit for the number of messages per minute that can be processed. Timeouts are occurring and he has set the militer timeout per message to 30 seconds without success. There have been instances of 'could not get valid info from discovery servers' seconds, which seems more than enough timeout. He has also encountered a 'no such file or directory' error while trying to read files related to discovery servers (discoverylst, cataloguelst, nominationlst, and serversdiscoverylst). The Milter is unable to run discovery at each lookup and this issue occurs on two separate servers - Sven. Vipul has requested relevant sections from the log file and his config along with the results of debugging set to a higher level (debug level 2) for more information. He has attached the text file containing the debugging output. This email is sponsored by Dice, the leading online job board for high tech professionals." }, { "body": "It appears there is a genuine requirement for a RazorCache server that can be accessed by the local SMTP host. Recursiveness as an additional feature would be beneficial, enabling us to link caches to offload responsibilities from the Razor servers. Moreover, it could facilitate the setup of local Razor caches for private networks, allowing them to bypass the Razor servers entirely. This topic is sponsored for discussion on the sfnet email list specifically tailored for Razor users." }, { "body": "Good day Zennon Fri Aug, I see a valid requirement for a RazorCache server that can be accessed by the local SMTP host. Additionally, recursiveness would be beneficial, allowing us to link caches for offloading the burden on the Razor servers. This could also enable us to set up local Razor caches for private networks, bypassing the Razor servers entirely if needed. Comments on this are welcome. As for the protocol, it's currently on hold pending documentation of the protocol. Jordan is still working on finalizing the documentation. If you need assistance or someone to review the details, I would be happy to help. Best, Bill Power concedes nothing without a demand...Find out just what people will submit to and you have found out the exact amount of injustice and wrong which will be imposed upon them...These will continue until they are resisted with either words or blows or with both. The limits of tyrants are prescribed by the endurance of those whom they oppress. Courtesy of Eric S Raymund, William Stearns Mason, and Buildkernel, this SFNet email is sponsored to Geek Heaven - RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "Hi Marc, Recent changes have been implemented in our trust system, effective tomorrow morning, we will start publishing confidence values alongside signatures. This should address the issue of false positives on messages originating from EFF. Until then, please revoke anything you consider as spam to minimize the impact on the reporter's trust and the confidence of the signature. Cheers, Vipul On Fri Aug" }, { "body": "Greetings everyone, I am the System Administrator for the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) and I'm currently using Razor under SpamAssassin on our server as well as my personal one. Generally, it works fine with minimal false positives, but almost all the false positives I've seen are on messages that originate from EFF. I am curious to understand why Razor is flagging EFF emails and how this is happening. Below is an example of what I'm referring to: Qualcomm Windows Eudora version Robin Gross eip hp backs off DMCA threat Cnetcom intellectual property Fri Aug Fri Aug testsmailtolinkrazorcheck jmason exp start spamassassin results This mail is probably spam (original message altered for recognition or blocking) Content Analysis Hits: required mailtolink points includes a URL link to send an email RazorCheck Points: listed in razor (see end of SpamAssassin results) Spam SpamAssassin HP backs off DMCA threat by Cnet Newscom staff Aug PT Hewlett-Packard Thursday abandoned legal threats it made against security analysts who publicized flaws in the company's software. In a statement released late Thursday, HP said it would not use the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) to pursue a loosely organized team of researchers who demonstrated a bug in the company's Unix operating system. The following is the company's statement: 'HP is committed to protecting our customers' security environments. We have verified that there is a security vulnerability with Unix. The details of which were brought to our attention July . We won't comment on the specifics of our discussions with snosoft, however we take our customers' security requirements very seriously and have a strong track record following industry-standard security practices. Where and how the DMCA should be applied is a matter of great controversy. The reported letter to snosoft was not consistent or indicative of HP's policy. We can say emphatically that HP will not use the DMCA to stifle research or impede the flow of information that would benefit our customers and improve their system security.' Robin D Gross, Cyberspace Attorney, Law - Intellectual Property Director, Campaign for Audiovisual Free Expression, EFF, San Francisco, CA. This SFNet email is sponsored. Welcome to Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Marc Perkel at Cusku, I am the systems administrator for the Electronic Frontier Foundation. I have noticed that Razor under SpamAssassin is flagging EFF emails as potential spam on my server, which is not usual. This happens mostly with messages originating from EFF itself. I was wondering if you could help explain why this is happening and how it can be resolved. Here's an example of the issue: In an attempt to rectify this, I have added code to my ProcmailRC on another account so that messages coming from bugtraq with Razor flags are automatically revoked. Since bugtraq is moderated, it prevents spam from getting through. The recipe successfully revoked a message about an hour after the addition of the code. However, I noticed that Razorcheck still applies to some bugtraq-specific headers and razorrevoke doesn't seem to be effective. Could you please review this issue and suggest any necessary changes? Best, " }, { "body": "Dear User, I've rephrased your email for better clarity. Here's the revised version: I have made changes to my ProcmailRC on a different account. These changes cause any emails that come from bugtraq and are identified by Razor to be automatically rejected. Since bugtraq is moderated, spam does not typically get through. The recipe I've used revoked a message approximately an hour after it was added. However, there's a potential issue with automatic revoke similar to the problem with automatic report: if spammers spoof a bugtraq address, their spam will be automatically rejected by your Bob application. Sincerely, Bob This email is sponsored and welcomes you to Geek Heaven's Razorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Bob Proulx, Regarding your email about false positives on eff messages and the issue of spammers spoofing a bugtraq address, you made a valid point. It was also mentioned by Cmeclax that it should be possible to pick a header that a spammer is unlikely to forge. He intentionally did not reveal in public the headers he is checking for this purpose. Sydney's email from sfnet, sponsored by Geek Heaven, welcomed you to the RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that an email containing a single line with control characters is flagged as spam. Additionally, emails consisting of blank lines are treated as if they have been ignored. The issues seem to arise from a homebrewn patch by Michael on the sfnet email sponsored for the geek heavenrazorusers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Ray Gardner, It appears you have reached out regarding the integration of RazorReport into Pine, as you've noticed that SpamAssassin is not effectively handling short, annoying messages with return addresses from providers like Hotmail, AOL, or Yahoo. You are considering setting up a configuration in Pine to enable 'enableunixpipecmd' and use 'razorcheck' while reading messages. If there is a way to achieve this, I will be more than happy to provide guidance. Regards, The Geek Heaven Support Team" }, { "body": "Dear Daniel, I am writing regarding the issues you've encountered with the Razor servers. It appears that after waiting for a considerable time, the upgrade did not improve the server's reliability as expected. You faced difficulties during the 'razoradmin create' and 'razoradmin register' processes due to constant timeouts. It seems that either this issue is occurring now or has been persistent until now. Despite advocating Razor to everyone, its recent reliability issues suggest that we might need to explore alternative ways to combat spam. We cannot afford for one anti-spam method, no matter how effective, to impede the entire mail server's performance. Therefore, it would be prudent to investigate other methods of spam filtering. Regards, NetCommunications Inc." }, { "body": "This is a semi-follow-up on my previous question regarding RazorCheck through SendMail Milter SMRazor. I have set up my Milter Timeouts, but I am encountering another timeout setting for RazorCheck that I cannot locate. My RazorAgent log is now getting filled with 'timed out sec while reading from honorcloudmark.com'. Therefore, my question is whether there is a RazorAgent conf file setting to increase this timeout value. This issue persists on different servers and it appears that UbikCloudMark and AptCloudMark are refusing connections (sven). This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "It seems that the servers are experiencing some issues as indicated by numerous timeouts. These problems appeared after the system was functioning smoothly up until this morning, suggesting potential backbone or server issues on their end. I encountered difficulties with the reliability of the servers while attempting a razoradmin create and register operation, which required constant retrying due to timeouts. I could not obtain valid information from discovery servers. This issue seems to be recent or has possibly been present before, as I have been advocating for Razor until it started having reliability issues. In such cases, we might need to explore alternative methods to catch spam since we cannot afford for one anti-spam solution, regardless of its effectiveness, to bog down the entire mail server." }, { "body": "It appears that emails containing a single line with only control characters are being flagged as spam, and the same goes for emails consisting of blank lines. One instance found by users involved an email where the actual content was written in the subject field. I had believed the newer Razor releases addressed these issues, but it seems they have not. The example emails were: 'razorcheck d qq tmpbar grep known spam tmpbar aug mail' and 'im running razoragents', with users experiencing these as false positives. Michael, this SFNET email is sponsored; welcome to the Geek Heaven Razorusers Mailing List." }, { "body": "I observed a low count of Razor spam messages. Upon investigation, if Irazorreport indicates that a message was accepted, however, when I reverse the process and run a check on the exact same reported message, it doesn't find the sig and consequently is not identified as spam. This SFNet email is sponsored for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "The email reports a connection issue to two specific servers (sven and sfnet) other than honorcloudmarkcom. The user is experiencing high rate of timeouts when attempting to connect to these servers. They are requesting information regarding the status of these servers." }, { "body": "On Monday, August 2nd, a user named 'Mikko Hirvonen' configured the Pine email client to enable 'enableunixpipecmd'. This setup allows for Razorcheck to be utilized when reading messages. In addition, Raw mode ('ctrlw' and delimiters set as 'ctrlr') should also be enabled. The Raw mode includes headers and delimiters, allowing multiple messages to be submitted. This SFNET email is sponsored and welcomes you to the 'Razorusers' mailing list, often referred to as 'Geek Heaven'." }, { "body": "I have rephrased the email for clarity and formatted it to fit your requested JSON structure. Here's the revised version:"}, { "body": "After waiting a considerable amount of time, I finally upgraded this morning as the current setup is no longer effective. However, during the upgrade process, I encountered issues with the servers' reliability. It took approximately 30 minutes to create and register via razoradmin, due to constant retries because it kept timing out and couldn't obtain valid information from discovery servers. Is this an issue occurring now or has it been standard up until this point? I have been recommending Razor to everyone but if it starts having reliability problems, we might need to explore alternative methods for spam detection. We cannot afford to have one anti-spam tool, even if effective, slow down the entire mail server." } , { "body": "Dear Blake, Is there a method to omit specific pages from the site map for each page in the site, and also create a printer-friendly version? I'd like to exclude both of these versions from the sitemap. Best regards, Alan K Jackson Houston, Texas 'To see a world in a grain of sand, And heaven in a wild flower; Hold Infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour.' - Blake (This email is sponsored by sfnet, for geek heavenwebmaketalk mailing list)" }, { "body": "I'm still observing this issue, it seems to be reporting to honorcloudmark.com but checking against aptcloudmark.com. Could you please clarify the sync delay between these boxes for Monday, August RazorUsers? I've noticed a low count of Razor spam messages and upon investigation, if a message is reported by Razor, the diagnostics indicate that it was accepted. However, when I run a check on the exact same message using the system again, it doesn't find the sig and thus is not classified as spam. This issue pertains to the SFNet email which is sponsored by Geek Heaven's RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "It seems there is a discrepancy between the servers regarding which domain (apt or honor) to check against. If you specify 'rs' on Razorcheck and point it towards 'honor', it works fine. However, if you point it towards 'apt', you receive an authentication error. The sync delay between these boxes is original Rose Bobby Tuesday August. Also, there appears to be a low count of Razor spam messages, but when a message is reported, the diagnostics show that it was accepted. If you run a check on the exact same message that was reported, it does not find the sig and therefore is not marked as spam." }, { "body": "For the past few days, whatever I've been reporting doesn't seem to be in the database. When I check the response, it comes back as 'none spam'. Is anyone else experiencing this issue? This is regarding the sfnet email sponsored for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Hi there, We have completed the upgrades on TES and Catalogue servers over the last two days. Any glitches you may have experienced were due to these upgrades. Several new features in TES will provide better accuracy, particularly with regards to false positives. The upgrades are now complete and things are back to normal. Regarding your query about the sync delay between HonorCloudMark.com and APTCloudMark.com boxes, please find below my response: 'Rose Bobby', the sync delay between these boxes can vary depending on several factors such as network conditions, server load, etc. However, I will investigate this issue further and keep you updated. In addition, I noticed that there seems to be a low count of Razor Spam messages. After investigating, if I report a message via RazorReport and then run a check on the exact same message that was reported, it doesn't find the sig and is therefore not marked as spam. I will look into this issue and get back to you with updates. Thank you for being a part of the RazorUsers mailing list. As always, we strive to provide a platform where geeks can discuss, learn, and innovate together." }, { "body": "The likelihood of EFF or other mailing list posts being filtered will decrease over time as such messages are revoked whenever they get filtered out. These revocations serve as a system's punishment for reporters who report legitimate bulk mail, making their future reports automatically considered suspect. The recent changes to the system have drastically decreased the likelihood of filtering mailing list posts. If you notice false positives on the EFF newsletter again, please keep me informed. It seems strange that most Razor errors were related to free speech issues and intellectual property; it makes me wonder if someone is deliberately trying to poison EFF messages. I am also actively involved in the development of SpamAssassin rules; spam filtering has been a hot topic at EFF for quite some time, and is even more relevant now that I'm actually using it. Your system is considered to be the cleanest method, but with any system, people at EFF are concerned about free speech issues and potential censorship. One of our newsletters was flagged as spam because it had list removal instructions at the bottom. William Gibson once said, 'The future is here, it's just not evenly distributed.' This SFNET email is sponsored to Geek Heaven." }, { "body": "Dear Vipul, I'm sorry for any inconvenience you're experiencing. The system still classifies the reported spam message as not spam, even though it has been reported before. This seems unusual, given that the sample spam text was used from SpamAssassin and I understand it has been reported previously. Regarding your question about the Razor servers, we were making changes to our TEST and Catalogue servers over the last two days. Any potential glitches you might have experienced during this time were due to these upgrades. The upgrades are now complete and everything should be back to normal. Several new features in TEST will improve accuracy, particularly with regards to false positives. I hope this helps clarify the situation. Let me know if you continue to encounter issues. Best, Bobby" }, { "body": "The issue seems to be due to the syncing problem between the servers, as the check results vary depending on which server the information is being compared against. The message you reported as spam minutes ago is showing false positives when checked against apt or fire, but it shows positive when checked against honor. It appears that there is a delay in synchronization between these boxes. Please note that we recently upgraded Tes and Catalogue servers over the last two days, any glitches experienced during this time were due to those upgrades. The upgrades are now complete and things should be back to normal. Several new features in Tes are designed to improve accuracy, particularly with regards to false positives." }, { "body": "Dear Daniel Higgins, It appears there might be an issue with the Razor servers as your system, NetCommunications Inc., seems to have reported a spam message but the server does not recognize that you are the same person who reported it. This could be due to the fact that the identity is not checked or required during the Razorcheck process. Therefore, I assume it's not checked when doing a Razorcheck. You mentioned that perhaps the trust level isn't high enough for a single message to be flagged as spam. It seems reasonable to expect that regardless of the TE value, the signatures you report should always come back as spam when they are checked, as you should always be able to trust your own reports. I apologize if I have misunderstood and any inconvenience caused. Regards, Tabor J Wells" }, { "body": "The email seems to be discussing issues with the Razor servers and the propagation of signatures from SpamAssassin. Here's a summary of the concerns and questions: 1. The sender, Vipul Ved Prakash, is experiencing an issue where the signatures for samplespamtxt are registered on honor but not apt or fire. This has also affected the Cloudmark Outlook plugin. 2. He has confirmed that this issue started on Monday and affected a large number of messages tagged as being in Razor. 3. It is suggested that the problem might be due to server upgrades mentioned by another user, Patrick ML. 4. The sender also asks about TES (Trusted Eligibility System), what engine signature it looks at, if it uses the same or different signatures, how many people have to nominate a message before everyone's rating increases, and how many revokes decrease someone's rating. He also inquires whether a single revoke decreases the rating of everyone who nominated the message. 5. If a new user reports a message that has already been reported, does their trust level immediately go up? The same question is asked for the case of revoking a message. 6. It is also mentioned that mincf in razoragentsconf should be set to default server recommended average confidence which at the moment is setting it to 100 should return true for whatever is submitted as long as it was not revoked by a trusted user. 7. Lastly, it is suggested that aptfire sync with honor every minute so signatures propagate within an hour. Hope this helps in understanding the concerns and questions." }, { "body": "I agree, however, let's disregard the Razor errors that have been occurring during the make test of SpamAssassin. It seems that these errors are related to the testing process rather than a problem with Razor itself. Justin Mason mentioned this on Thursday. Michael Graff is also dealing with this issue as he is new to Razor. I am trying to get SpamAssassin and Razor to work together, but it appears that this won't happen easily. For now, using the CVS version of SpamAssassin is a good solution as it supports Razor J. This email is sponsored by Geek Heaven, RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Thank you for your email. There appears to be some confusion regarding the operation of TES (Trusted Email System). It seems that you've set your mincf to zero, but the new changes suggest that everyone starts with a certain trust level, and this increases when someone nominates the same message as spam. This increase in trust level might have been affected by the recent changes made at the beginning of the week unless these changes reset everyone's trust level. Your questions indicate that you're curious about the engine signature TES looks at, whether it requires the same signature or uses multiple signatures, how many nominations are required to increase someone's rating, how many revocations decrease someone's rating, if a single revocation decreases the rating of everyone who nominated the message, and what happens when a newbie reports a message that has already been reported. You also inquire about whether someone with a trust level of 'x' can revoke a message submitted by multiple people with higher trust levels. Lastly, you mention some issues with the Razor servers and the Cloudmark Outlook plugin. It seems that nothing is being registered when you report messages, even after trying different Cloudmark servers, identities, and reporting from different systems without success. However, samplespamtxt from spamassassin is only registered on honor.cloudmark.net and comes back positive from it, suggesting that there might be a sync issue between APT and FIRE. You've also suggested including the host in the report/revoke authentication to prevent issues. Lastly, you've expressed concerns about potential ways to circumvent the current trust model." }, { "body": "It appears that the email is discussing an issue with a subscription-based service, where emails containing articles and book recommendations are being marked as spam. The user believes that since they agreed to receive these emails, and have the option to terminate their account if they no longer wish to receive them, the emails should not be marked as spam. They question who is losing trust in this situation, suggesting it may be the service provider if the emails are incorrectly being flagged as spam." }, { "body": "It appears that the email is expressing disagreement with the suggestion to unsubscribe from a mailing list received unwillingly. The sender argues that it should not be necessary to unsubscribe, and suggests that sending an email with the subject 'remove' or going to a specific URL to unsubscribe is equally inconvenient. The sender further argues that this issue is widely debated in the antispam community, and believes that if a list is run by any entity, whether it be ZDNet or Empire Towers, or uses any software like Mailman or Lyris, the recipient should still have the right to be removed from the list. The sender also mentions the use of open proxies and relays in some lists, and argues that this does not justify forcing recipients to comply with unsubscribing. Lastly, the sender questions why Razor, a tool for filtering spam, does not provide a 'RazorBlacklist' option. The sender seems to be of the opinion that Razor is designed primarily for the benefit of the majority rather than the individual, and suggests using the 'RazorWhitelist' or creating a blacklist if one disagrees with the majority." }, { "body": "Every now and then, I receive notifications in my root mailbox that my personal mail is being rejected. The message reads 'No Catalogue Servers Available at this time'. Despite my attempts to resolve this issue by using various methods within ISSPAM, the error persists. Upon investigation of the code, I found multiple instances of 'exit' within the Razor module. This behavior is antisocial for a module as it removes my ability to bypass the spam check and deliver the mail anyway. The Razor modules should signal errors through 'die' or 'warn', allowing RazorCheck to catch these, issue an appropriate message, and exit with a status suitable for the MTA. The Razor modules do not know who is calling them and should not make this decision. I am concerned about how much legitimate mail may be missing due to this issue. I hope this concern is being addressed in the new version of Razor for SFNET email, sponsored by Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "It appears that you have a spamtrap that automatically reports bugtraq messages as spam, only to revoke them shortly after. This automatic reporting seems problematic in my opinion, as it might negatively impact your rating at an exponential rate with each report-revoke cycle. However, I'm not certain about the specifics as I don't have access to any documentation or code. I hope that if this is indeed the case, the negative impact on your rating is minimal. Additionally, you mentioned another account that sends anything already in Razor to the spamtrap unless it's a bugtraq message, which is revoked manually and not as the spamtrap itself. This situation pertains to before you checked for bugtraq in the procmailrc file." }, { "body": "The email you provided is about an issue with a PGP signed message being flagged as spam by Razor and then reported as spam again before the user added a Procmail rule to handle bugtraq messages. The user had to manually revoke these messages from the spamtrap, which keeps the last messages sent to it. However, since the spamtrap both reported the message as spam and revoked it, it's unclear how this affects its trust rating. 'tes' in the text seems to be an abbreviation, but the meaning is not provided in the context of this email." }, { "body": "Dear Steve Price, I believe there may be some confusion on my part, but it seems that you are explaining that you have a spamtrap which receives bugtraq messages and automatically reports them as spam before revoking them shortly after. You mentioned that automatic reporting is only beneficial if there's zero possibility of false positives or as close to zero as makes no difference. In your example, 'cmeclaxs', you highlighted a significant vulnerability of auto-reporting - trollboxes which indiscriminately report as spam whatever other users have reported as such. This blind reporting undermines the purpose of Razor. I share your hope that if this is indeed what you're doing, it will result in a substantial negative impact on your rating with each report-revoke cycle. Best Regards, Adrian (This SFNet email is sponsored by Geek Heaven - razorusers mailing list)" }, { "body": "It appears that you have a spamtrap which is designed to receive bugtraq messages, but it's automatically reporting these messages as spam and then revoking them shortly after. This automatic reporting seems to be causing concern, as it might negatively impact your rating at an accelerated rate with each report-revoke cycle. However, I'm not entirely sure how this would affect your rating since I don't have any documentation or code to look at. Nevertheless, I recommend manually reviewing and reporting spam from the spamtrap rather than relying on automatic reporting." }, { "body": "I understand your concern regarding the email you've been receiving from a certain website. To clarify, it appears that despite agreeing to receive their emails when you signed up for the free account, the messages are consistently being flagged as spam by Razor. This could potentially impact the trust rating of both parties involved, but specifically the sender's reputation as a spammer may be affected if these emails are incorrectly labeled. However, your question about who is losing trust in this case is more nuanced. Since it's not unsolicited commercial email and you agreed to receive their content, it should ideally not be reported as spam. If the sender continues to have their emails flagged as spam despite providing an option to terminate the account, it suggests a potential issue with Razor's spam filtering system." }, { "body": "It appears that the user is expressing concerns about the spam filtering system (Razor) and its reliability. He believes that his high TES value, resulting from daily reports of suspected spam, may have been influenced by legitimate mailings he considers as spam, such as the one from ZDNet. The user suggests that a more accurate behavior would be to unsubscribe from the mailing lists instead of reporting them as spam. However, another user might have subscribed to the same list and marked it as not spam (RazorRevoke). The user also questions why Razor does not provide a 'razorblacklist' option. The user seems to imply that the system is designed for the majority, not the individual." }, { "body": "The sender appears to have expressed dissatisfaction with a received opt-in email, which they believe to be spam. They express doubt in the reliability of the system's classification of spam and its consequences on their trust rating. The sender provides an example of non-confirmation subscription mailings from ZDNet that they consider as spam, and also mentions reporting such emails to Razor daily. Additionally, the sender discusses a scenario where another user, who has reported proxy-relayed spam but enjoys receiving the same ZDNet mailing, revokes the Razor tag for this mailing. The sender questions who might suffer due to these inaccurate actions and expresses frustration with the 'ambient morality' of the situation. The email is sponsored by SFNet and welcomes the recipient to the Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List." }, { "body": "It seems that there is a disagreement among spam fighting groups regarding their cooperation, despite having a common enemy - spammers. I suggest focusing on resolving the spam problem instead of pointing fingers. I am more worried about false positives than false negatives, as the types of spam are quite varied. To address this, I prefer a three-tier system: Red (certainly spam with high ratings from several sources and no one claims it is not spam), yellow (potential spam that should be manually reviewed by a human), and green (probably not spam). SpamAssassin is useful, but only has the 'isn't' switch, not the 'is maybe isn't'. Razor is just one of my tools in the spam fighting arsenal. If it reports something that doesn't match known spam after a while for well-known spam, another tool will likely catch it." }, { "body": "Dear Mika Hirvonen, I am not familiar with the specific algorithms used to determine confidence values, but it appears that heavily penalizing someone who revokes a spam label on a message that others deem as spam is likely part of the system. The issue lies in the fact that there are often gray area messages where some people may vote 'spam' while others might vote 'non-spam'. Under this proposed system, anyone who ever classifies a gray mail message as non-spam could potentially end up with a low trust score. This is problematic because once you have a low trust score, your own submissions may not be used to flag spam. This could lead to confusion since you have marked the exact message in question as spam and expect it to be considered as such. From what I understand, the level of trust appears to depend on the proportion of 'report' vs 'revoke'. If everyone but one person classifies a mail as spam, that individual will see their trust drop significantly. Conversely, if you are in the majority, your trust increases, and if you are against the majority, your trust decreases. If people's votes neither align with the majority nor against it, their trust remains unchanged. This suggests that gray mail submissions may not have a significant impact on trust scores, either positively or negatively, making them somewhat neutral in this context." }, { "body": "Adam Goryachev is questioning if our trust towards him should be based on his worth rather than the usual monetary terms. This email is in collaboration with SFNET and is being sent to the Geek Heaven Razor Users mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Mika Hirvonen, I understand your concern regarding the algorithms used to calculate confidence values. It appears that the system may be penalizing heavily when someone revokes a spam label that others have assigned, which can lead to confusion as there are often 'gray' mails, where some people may classify them as spam while others do not. This is problematic because anyone who marks gray mail as non-spam could potentially end up with a low trust score, and submissions under such circumstances would not be used to flag their own spam as spam. However, you mentioned that you recently marked an exact message as spam but it's not being considered as such. I assume that the decrease in your trust score depends on the proportion of reports versus revokes; if everyone except one person marks a mail as spam, the one person will see their trust go down dramatically. Conversely, if you are with the majority, your trust goes up. If you are against the majority, your trust goes down. If people vote neither for nor against the majority, their trust remains unchanged, meaning that gray mails have little influence on their trust, either positively or negatively. I hope this helps clarify the situation. Let me know if you need further assistance." }, { "body": "Dear Vipul, I hope this message finds you well. Regarding your inquiry about SPAMNET, the username and password are not explicitly defined within the system as I can see. It appears that when a user connects to SPAMNET for the first time, they receive a unique ID which remains until they switch to a new Outlook client. This unique ID could be used across different accounts such as your trust account shared between your workout and personal email accounts. As for your suggestion about adding a feature in RazorReport to check for spam before submission, and increasing the rating of that individual spam if it's detected, this functionality is similar to how RazorAgents currently operate. Best Regards, Geek Heaven Razor Users Mailing List." }, { "body": "Dear Vipul Prakash, Craig Hughes is unsure about the functioning of the spam filtering system, Razor. He submits a lot of content that is generally agreed to be spam. However, he receives opt-in emails that appear to him as spam. When he marks them as such, his trust rating decreases, which in turn makes Craig question the reliability of Razor's opinion about what constitutes spam. He explains that if this happens frequently across multiple users in the system, those users may become unreliable and therefore have minimal trust. However, the reliable users with higher trust levels will continue to help improve the system. Craig suggests that more transparency in the server process would be beneficial, especially when issues arise. This would prevent unnecessary confusion about the system's functionality. Regarding Razor integration into QmailScanner without SpamAssassin, Craig hasn't used Razor for a few months now due to lack of time to integrate it. He also cannot comment on Razor's current performance. Best, Adam" }, { "body": "Dear Craig, I am writing to inform you that the issues regarding missing hashes are currently being addressed and should be fixed soon. The recent performance problems experienced by users of the Outlook plugin, which I attribute to the aforementioned issues, have been widely reported both here and on Satalk. I would like to clarify that while the system is not working optimally at the moment due to these issues, it does not mean that it will never be fixed. There have been several periods of hiccups in the last couple of months, and it's yet to be seen if the trust network will function as intended, given that it was recently activated. Jordan Ritter's statement regarding the system being down for a long time seems accurate but may not entirely reflect the current situation. It is important to remember that overactive users would strongly disagree with this assertion. Vipul Ved Prakash and William Gibson's sentiment about the future being here, despite its challenges in software design, remains valid. Best Regards, " }, { "body": "It would indeed be beneficial to receive additional information about TES that could eliminate the ongoing confusion. Regarding your question about SpamAssassin, it can be seen as a complementary product rather than a competitor, as it is often used in conjunction with Razor. However, your statement raises some concerns given that a thorough understanding of TES is lacking on your part, considering the details have not yet been disclosed. It's challenging to make definitive claims without a comprehensive grasp of TES and its functionality. Given your involvement with a competing product in this space, your statements do question your intentions. This sponsored email is being shared with the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Hello, It seems Razor labeled a post to the muttusers mailing list as spam. We're still using the service but would like to know if there is another way for us to revoke false positives such as this without posting to the list. Thank you, Steve. This sfnet email is sponsored by Geek Heaven (razorusers mailing list)." }, { "body": "The purpose of Razor is to develop a sophisticated spam filtering system, leveraging more than just a single bit of user data. This involves the automatic computation of signatures for content identification, confidence and trust distribution of these signatures, and so on. To achieve this, you need to transmit not only the signature but also the entire message body, your ID, and the rights to all intellectual property contained in any email message you submit. A potential feature could be implementing a pre-screening mechanism within RazorReport such that it checks whether a message is spam before submitting it. If deemed as spam, the system would not send the body, signatures, etc., but instead, raise the rating for that specific user. This email is sponsored by SFNet and intended for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I am one of the Razor users, and I have been experiencing issues with the system this week due to the latest updates. The servers are not syncing as they should. Specifically, the issue occurred on Thursday, August , and currently, Craig Rhughes' feature does not seem to be working as expected. This statement might appear overly strong, but I believe it is a fair assessment given the current situation. Some overactive users might strongly disagree with me on this point. This SFNet email is sponsored by Geek Heaven." }, { "body": "If you are an ISP or managing a substantial email server, submitting thousands of messages per day even if they've already been submitted may lead to a quicker increase in your rating, offsetting the dip due to revokes. This SFNET email is intended for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Craig, I understand your point regarding the difference between system trust and personal trust in spam detection. While the system does have a trust rating for each user, it seems you're suggesting a more individualized approach where each user has their own personal trust score that aligns with their beliefs about controversial content, rather than a systemwide consensus. This would help reduce false positives and negatives related to 'gray spam'. However, the challenge lies in implementing this idea effectively without creating conflicts among users' votes. Best, Vipul Ved Prakash" }, { "body": "Dear Team, An idea for RazorReport: Implement a mechanism to verify if an incoming message is spam before submission. If it's determined as spam, do not send the body or signatures; instead, increase the spam rating for that user. This functionality mirrors how RazorAgents currently operate. Looking forward to your thoughts. Best regards, Vipul Ved Prakash The future is here, it's just not software design. William Gibson This SFNet email is sponsored by Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list" }, { "body": "Dear Craig, I find it difficult to accept your assertions as they seem to lack a comprehensive understanding of Tes, given that we have not yet fully disclosed its details. As you do not appear to be familiar with Tes or how it operates, your statements cast doubt on your motives, especially considering that you offer a competing product. This concern is further emphasized by the fact that this email was sent via SFNet Email, sponsored by Geek Heaven and RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I agree with your concerns regarding the trust system. It appears that it may be vulnerable to gaming, and the initial setup cost for a gaming agent could potentially be low, making it easy to operate without being easily distinguished from real user behavior. The question is how much extra work this would entail, both upfront and ongoing. However, it's important to note that not all spammers will take the time to game the system. Another concern is that a small number of gamers could potentially undermine the entire system. It's unclear yet if our current universe is one where the trust system is sensitive to liars or misclassifiers of gray mail, but we might end up with a less than effective system despite the high cost of achieving perfect accuracy. You do need a certain level of accuracy in the system though, as a filter that doesn't achieve this isn't economically worthwhile. If it only filters out spam, it's a waste of time. The ratio of good to bad mail is crucial here, and this problem becomes more important as the global ratio worsens. I can't comment on Razor currently as I'm not familiar with it, but I suspect it was chosen because it's relatively simple to implement and thought to work reasonably well if not completely without fault. Time will tell how good it is at adjusting over time to gaming strategies. Currently, SpamAssassin has a nonzero false positive rate and this will always be the case. Any system will have a nonzero false positive rate, including the 'no filter' filter. Humans make mistakes too sometimes, but as spammer strategies evolve over time, I'm fairly confident that SpamAssassin will be able to adjust and compensate if spammers figure out how to easily pollute the spamnet trust system. I'm not sure how easy it will be to replace the trust system with something else. Craig might just be theorizing, but I thought I'd offer my two cents. Most of the theorizing is based on little data, but the key premises I'm worrying about are that the trust system is easy to pollute, and it's not personal which makes the assumption that all honest voters agree on what constitutes spam. Something simple and actually implementable that works reasonably well is better than something that works perfectly but will never be implemented because of its cost. The challenge is that everyone defines 'reasonably well' in dramatically different ways. grin It seems to have been a long time in coming, apparently it's quite resource intensive judging by Cloudmark's fundraising efforts, and it doesn't currently work. It has great promise though, and I'm hoping that once the wrinkles are worked through, it will add another powerful tool in the war on spam. I'm just concerned that it's getting off on the wrong foot and might not be able to recover." }, { "body": "Greetings from the RazorUsers mailing list! I understand that you are new to this list and new to Razor, trying to get it to compile. Although I can't provide detailed assistance right now, let me try to answer your question about whether Razor can process files directly from sendmail queues. In brief, Razor can indeed work with emails from the sendmail queue, but it primarily focuses on spam detection rather than direct processing for your specific use case. If you want to reject emails based on certain criteria, you might need to modify the C file associated with your Milter (Mail Filter) for Sendmail, as you have been doing with Sendmail, Razor agents, and Solaris successfully. However, network catalogue server issues may arise occasionally. I hope this helps clarify some aspects for you. Keep in mind that this email is sponsored by Geek Heaven, the RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "I'm referring to the recent hours during which it appears there have been issues, as people using the Outlook plugin have reported significant performance problems. I attribute these issues to the problems we've been discussing here and on Satalk. However, I want to clarify that I'm not saying it is completely broken or has no chance of being fixed in the immediate future. Rather, it is currently experiencing difficulties, and there have been several periods of instability over the last couple months. Furthermore, we are still unsure if the Trust Network will function as expected since it was only recently activated, and this changeover seems to correspond with users noticing problems. Despite this, I understand that daily heavy users would strongly disagree with such a strong assessment. This email is sponsored for the Geek Heaven RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Jehan Craig Rhughes, It appears you have identified a common misconception. To achieve a high trust rating, it is not necessary to block anything; rather, confirming Razor's existing opinion on a large number of spam messages and then submitting them will boost the trust level. However, this process reduces the information in SpamNet by damping. I suggest two potential solutions to prevent spammers from exploiting the system without hindering legitimate users: 1. Implement a mechanism that identifies frequent submission/revocation of the same email. If such activity reaches a certain threshold, an alarm would trigger on Razor's server, potentially leading to the user ID being disabled or deleted. 2. Develop a spamtrap by subscribing to numerous legitimate non-spam mailing lists and spreading the email address across various channels to attract spammers. This approach could result in large quantities of both spam and non-spam emails daily, allowing the system to identify the behavior quickly. It is possible to check for the high submission/revocation rate but there may be legitimate reasons for such behavior; I cannot currently think of one, but AOL proxy server might serve as an example from another domain. Sincerely, Dice - The Leading Online Job Board for High Tech Professionals" }, { "body": "The rationale for selecting this user is that he has consistently aligned with my views over hundreds of past instances. I believe people tend to pay more attention to arguments backed by reasons rather than mere results. However, it's important to note that justification may not always be effective in Razor. This email is sponsored by SFNet, the leading online job board for high-tech professionals. If you are a Razor user, don't forget to search and apply for tech jobs today!" }, { "body": "Dear Craig Hughes, I was contemplating a concept where you could create a spamtrap by subscribing to numerous legitimate non-spam mailing lists and also disseminating the email address broadly, making it accessible to multiple spammers. This would result in the email receiving large volumes of both spam and non-spam messages daily. The algorithm provided could then be applied to this incoming mail stream, which might raise concerns due to its high frequency. However, it's important to note that such behavior can have legitimate explanations, though I can't think of one at the moment. The AOL proxy server comes to mind from another domain as a possible example. If trust is quantified as a percentage and there isn't an upper limit that can't be reached, this could prevent a small number of users from gaining undue advantage. My assumption is that if Razor users can reach this limit or nearly reach it, spammers would find it difficult to cheat by merely building up their trust; they would need a significant number of fake users instead. For the sake of fake users, spammers usually don't have access to many sets of network classes. They would need numerous users from the same set of IPs if Razor servers detect people on a Class C network IPs reporting emails daily, which could trigger alarms as something seems amiss. For legitimate proxies and similar services, spam should not be reported automatically but manually. There might be a way to have exceptions, for example, IBM networks would have numerous users from the same set of IPs but are unlikely to be spammers, so no alarm would trigger for their network or at least the alarm would be less sensitive. However, AOL could still cause issues, and even then, for a particular phone line, the set of IPs is probably quite small, even smaller than a Class C using network subclassing. Spammers might try to have several connections at different locations, but this increases their cost and therefore may not be very appealing. Regards, Jehan P.S. This SFNET email is sponsored by Dice, the leading online job board for high-tech professionals. Search and apply for tech jobs today! RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "Regarding Chip Paswater, a little more than just one bit needs to be transmitted. This includes the signature of the message, the entire message body, your ID, and the rights to all intellectual property contained in any email message you submit. Technically, there are no bits in the rights assignment; perhaps a feature can be added to RazorReport so that it checks whether a message is spam before it submits it. If it is spam, do not send the body, signatures etc. Instead, up the rating for that individual. RazorReport only sends the body if the server does not have a copy already, and when it does, simply notes who also thinks that mail is spam. This information is used in the test by ChadThis SFNet email, which is sponsored by Dice, the leading online job board for high-tech professionals. Search and apply for tech jobs today. This email goes out to the RazorUsers mailing list." }, { "body": "Dear Vipul, I understand that you're experiencing an issue with RazorReport v and the error message 'died at usrbinrazorcheck line'. It seems that the error only appears when you report it on sun aug, but not when you check the spam. To troubleshoot this, here are some steps to follow: 1. Check if the RazorReport v is correctly calling 'chad' on 'mike burger'. If there's an issue, you might need to make necessary adjustments. 2. Since you mentioned that you've done a 'make install' over the existing installation on sun aug, it would be beneficial to try removing and reinstalling RazorReport v to see if that resolves the issue. 3. As a precautionary measure, consider upgrading to the latest release of RazorReport v as there have been several bug fixes between the two releases. This might help in resolving your current problem. I hope this helps. Let me know if you face any further issues. Cheers! Regards, Geek Heaven RazorUsers Mailing List" }, { "body": "The issue you've described seems to be related to the behavior of Razorcheck. Instead of automatically identifying known spam, it now requires you to manually check if a message is known spam before deleting it. This change appears to have occurred since yesterday. I recommend checking your Razorcheck configuration to see if any settings have been altered inadvertently. If the problem persists, I suggest reaching out to the Razorusers mailing list for further assistance." }, { "body": "It appears that there is an issue with the 'checkreport' procedure on August 16th, specifically at the end of it. The sender, Chad Norwood, is encountering bizarre behavior where numbers seem to disappear unexpectedly. He suggests trying the 'n' switch, which should print out the list of legitimate mails before RazorCheck and the number of spam messages caught by RazorCheck. If this does not resolve the issue, he has requested that I run the following statement: 'razorcheck n logfilerazorlog mailcaughtspam spamfileno'. If any errors persist, please provide him with the 'spamfileno' and 'razorlog' from this operation. He mentions that since using SpamAssassin, he has had less than usual messages incorrectly tagged as spam, but is careful not to automatically report them. Previously, RazorCheck would indicate which messages were known spam in a batch for deletion. However, since yesterday, this functionality seems to have stopped. He assures that there have been no changes made to his Razor installation or configuration. He is seeking assistance to identify what might have caused this change. Thank you, Mike." }, { "body": "Dear Mike Burger, It appears that there seems to be an issue with the Razor installation of RazorMBurger, RazorReport V, and the Razor Agents Protocol version. Unfortunately, I don't have further details about these versions at hand. However, it appears that your system is running the software fine until it encounters an error on Monday, August , after which you experience a crash at 'usr/bin/razorcheck'. It seems like a reinstallation or update of the Razor software might be necessary. I suggest removing and reinstalling the software or trying to upgrade to a newer version as many bugs have been fixed between the two releases. I hope this helps, if you could provide more details about the error message, it would be beneficial in troubleshooting the issue further. Cheers, Vipul" }, { "body": "Dear Raghavendra Bhat, It appears that you have been reporting spam to the wrong server. To rectify this, you should only report spam to nomination servers or catalog servers, such as those set by the discovery servers' razor agents. These servers can change and will be automatically discovered by your razor agents, who store server names in razorlst files. If you have been unable to report spam from Mutt for the past two days due to a connection refused message, it is unlikely that you are doing anything wrong. However, if you would like to use other reporting servers, I would recommend checking with the 'ragoo' community or similar platforms that help maintain free software and networks. Sincerely, Chad" }, { "body": "Dear Sven Willenberger, I hope this message finds you well. Regarding your inquiry about issues encountered while optimizing the use of Razor within your system, I'd like to address a few points. 1. The error message 'unable to connect to operation now in progress' typically indicates a network issue rather than an issue with Razor agents. It seems that this error is occurring more frequently than expected between clustered servers, which is causing an elevated failure rate within your enterprise level setup. 2. Currently, there is no adjustable timeout setting for the Razor check to await a response from the server it queries. You may want to look into adjusting the milter timeouts, although this won't help if the Razorcheck script times out first. Unfortunately, the timeout is hardcoded and there are currently no plans to make that an option. However, you can always edit the source code of corepm if necessary. 3. Regarding your suggestions about hosting a catalogue server or a caching server similar to mailabuse.org, I understand your point and see potential in this idea. Currently, the system is designed so that servers can be added and subtracted without clients caring if the Razor client cannot connect to a server. It rediscovers all currently available servers and stores results locally. However, we haven't considered the implications, requirements, or caveats of hosting a catalogue server yet. One potential issue might be polluting the catalogue. We are open to ideas on how to certify a catalogue server if this could address your concerns. 4. In terms of bandwidth considerations, only signatures are actually transferred across the pipes, so the bandwidth requirements should be minimal. 5. As for the potential release of caching catalogue servers for others to use, we are looking into this and see a great potential for a very workable tool. If you can provide any assistance or insights on these issues, it would greatly benefit our project. Best regards, Chad" }, { "body": "Dear Sven Willenberger, I have reviewed your email regarding issues and questions on Sven in tweaking your system to optimize the use of Razor. I understand that you have encountered an error message 'unable to connect to operation now in progress' between clustered servers, which has resulted in a higher failure rate than desired. You suspect this is due to a previous timeout from Razor agents holding a process ID associated with an open milter socket. You are seeking ways to adjust the timeout settings for the Razorcheck to await a response from the server it queries and shorten the total time for the socket to live per connect. I see that you are running this as a Sendmail Milter and have suggested adjusting the militer timeouts, but this may not help if the Razorcheck script times out first. Currently, there is no plan to make that an option. However, I suggest you edit the source code (corepm) where you find a couple possible places where that code might be. Specifically, look for 'select new :select sock' and 'socket selfsock sock selfconnectedto server selfselect select lengthgreeting server greeting return if paramsdiscoveryserver unless selfparsegreetinggreeting selfnextserver or return return selfconnect' as these are related to the timeout settings. Regarding your question about hosting a Catalogue Server, I understand that this is something you have been considering. Hosting a catalogue server requires careful consideration of implications, requirements, and caveats. Currently, there is an issue of polluting the catalogue, but perhaps there could be some way of certifying a catalogue server. As for bandwidth considerations, only the signatures are actually transferred across the pipes. We are looking into releasing caching catalogue servers for others to use. If you can be of help or if you have details about participating in this portion (caching or cataloging), please let me know. I hope this helps, and I look forward to hearing back from you. Best regards, Chad Norwood" }, { "body": "In regard to Sven, the initial connect timeout is hardcoded to seconds at present; there are no plans to make it an adjustable option. However, you can always edit the source code of corepm. If you wish to modify the initial connect timeout, please look for and edit the relevant lines in the reads and writes sections of the system. CorePM is designed so that servers can be added or removed without affecting clients. If the Razor client fails to connect to a server, it will automatically rediscover available servers, store the results locally, and continue using the remaining servers. I increased the default discovery period to every hour to accommodate the recent sporadic availability of servers. Though the issue was related to syncing and server upgrades, I have decided to maintain this configuration for a while for safety. If a server is taken out, clients will connect, fail to rediscover automatically, save results, and continue using the other servers. There's no need for you to make any changes; everything should work as intended. We are also looking into releasing caching catalog servers for others to use if you would like to participate in this aspect of caching or cataloging, please let me know." }, { "body": "Dear Craig R Hughes, I believe there is a misunderstanding here. A high trust rating isn't necessarily achieved by blocking anything; it's more about confirming or refuting Jack's opinions on a large number of ifcheck spam messages. The algorithm seems to boost trust but diminishes the information in spamnet by damping, which is not entirely accurate. Only certain event reports that revoke for spam are rewarded, and the algorithm for detecting these events is based on various factors. Vipul Ved Prakash - The future isn't just software design; it's also widely distributed. William Gibson. This SFnet email is sponsored by Dice, the leading online job board for high-tech professionals. Search and apply for tech jobs today! Regards, Razorusers Mailing List." }, { "body": "Regarding the ifcheck spam algorithm, it is important to clarify that while the algorithm boosts trust, it does not necessarily reduce the information in SpamNet. Instead, certain events (reports of spam) are specifically revoked, and these revocations are rewarded. The algorithm for identifying these events is based on various factors. Many of the questions/concerns about this topic will be lessened once the source is released. As for when that might occur, I do not have a specific estimate at this time. This email is sponsored by Dice, the leading online job board for high-tech professionals - search and apply for tech jobs today." }, { "body": "Dear Michael Humphries, Alphacommunet Network Administrator, Thank you for your email and for your patience. I understand that you're facing issues with spam entering your mailboxes and are looking to integrate with Qmail. Here are the steps in simple terms: 1. To stop emails from entering your mailboxes, you can configure SpamAssassin or other anti-spam software on your Qmail server. 2. As for integrating Razor with Qmail, it is primarily used to check incoming emails for spam, not to prevent outgoing emails. However, you might be able to use it for this purpose, but its effectiveness would be limited as the spam in question is likely new and wouldn't have been categorized yet. 3. To address the issue of users sending spam, I recommend focusing on those who are causing trouble directly. You might want to consider implementing a policy or taking other measures to discourage this behavior. 4. If you suspect your server is an open relay, close it as it can be used by spammers to send out large amounts of spam. 5. For the specific issue of integrating Razor with Qmail on RedHat, I'm afraid I don't have a ready-made solution. However, you might find helpful resources in the Qmail community or forums where others have encountered similar issues and found solutions. I hope this helps! If you have any further questions or need more clarification, feel free to ask. Best regards, Daniel Higgins, NetCommunications Inc. System Network Administrator" }, { "body": "I am addressing an issue concerning the use of your Qmail server for spam relaying. If untrusted users are utilizing your server in this manner, it is likely that there have been mistakes in configuring Qmail, such as forgetting to create an rcpthosts file or similar issues. To address this problem effectively, I recommend a multi-layered approach. In addition to resolving the configuration issues with Qmail, I would suggest incorporating Razor, QMailScanner, and SpamAssassin into your system. QMailScanner provides the Qmail integration framework on which SpamAssassin performs its work, including invocations of Razorcheck. While this combination will be more resource-intensive than simply denying relaying privileges to everyone except trusted users, it offers a comprehensive solution. To learn how to configure Qmail to allow only trusted users to relay, I recommend starting with the official Qmail documentation and searching for 'Qmail newbies guide to relaying'. Additionally, you may find the RazorUsers mailing list useful for further insights on this matter." }, { "body": "Justin Shore is asking if there's an easy way to remove SpamAssassinReportTXT attachments from a spam mailbox before running the mailbox through RazorReport. If anyone knows how to do this easily, please respond." }, { "body": "It appears you are asking about removing SpamAssassin report attachments from your spam mailbox before running it through RazorReport. I'm not sure of an easy way to do this directly, but here's a potential solution: You can write a script that loops through your spam mailbox and removes any files with the '.txt' extension (typically where SpamAssassin reports are saved). Please note that this method requires some level of scripting knowledge. Alternatively, you could manually remove these attachments for each email in the spam folder." }, { "body": "It seems you are asking if there is an easy way to strip spamassassin report attachments from your spam mailbox before running it through RazorReport. I am not certain, but SpamAssassin might be able to handle stripping the SA bits and reporting to Razor all in one shot for a mailbox full of messages rather than a single piece of spam from stdin. I will look into this further by checking the documentation." }, { "body": "Assuming that Justin Shore wants to remove the SpamAssassin report attachments before running his mailbox through RazorReport, it seems a simple way would be to pipe the message through a combination of grep and sed. Instead of using spamassassin r r report, he could try 'spamassassin -r' followed by 'report'. This command will mark the email as verified spam and submit the mail message read from stdin to various spam blocker databases such as Vipul's Razor and the Distributed Checksum Clearinghouse (dcc). If the message contains SpamAssassin markup, it will be stripped out automatically before submission. However, it seems that Patrick Greenwell might have asked the wrong questions leading to the wrong answers." }]}